S01E01 The Righteous Thief
Aladdin, a lovable rogue, hopeless romantic poet and a righteous thief who likes to help the urchins, is in love with the Princess Of Baghdad, Yasmine. But little does Aladdin know that his life is going to turn upside down when his escapade will lead him to a magical lamp which possesses a magical Genie who has been trapped inside it for 500 years.
August 21, 2018

S01E02 The Blue Diamond
Zafar Khan is the Wazir-e-Azam of Baghdad who wishes to get his hands on the magic lamp and marry Princess Yasmine to become the Emperor of Baghdad but Princess Yasmine wants to become the first Empress of Baghdad herself. Aladdin receives his next mission to steal Zimmidar Habibullah's, Blue Diamond.
August 22, 2018

S01E03 And That's How They Met
The Black Theif, Aladdin is assigned to steal the famous Blue Diamond so the owner of the diamond Zimmidar Habibullah comes to Princess Yasmine and asks her for protection. Princess Yasmine herself goes to the place where the diamond is kept and Aladdin reaches there to steal the diamond. What will happen now?
August 23, 2018

S01E04 The Search For The Magic Lamp
Aladdin is assigned to find the magic lamp by Wazir-e-Azam Zafar Khan who gives him a map. The map leads Aladdin to Manghreb Dessert where he struggles to find the lamp. On his way, he comes across Princess Yasmine in Salim Khilji's den. What will happen now?
August 24, 2018

S01E05 Destination Khatrapur
Aladdin, in search of the magic lamp, meets Princess Yasmine on the way again. Yasmine was looking for him as she thought that he stole her bag which contained the book. They both are then approached and invited by the people of Khatrapur to the small village where a big trouble is waiting for them.
August 27, 2018

S01E06 The Mystical Land Of Two Moons
As the sandstorm settles down, Khatrapur disappears into oblivion. The people saved by Aladdin show their gratitude. Then, the land of the two moons beckons Aladdin. Rising from the sand are guards, who can't be killed by Aladdin. To go past the guards made of sand, Aladdin has to slay them. Will Aladdin figure a way out?
August 28, 2018

S01E07 The Final Obstacle
After Aladdin faces the ultimate protector of the magic lamp and saves him from dying, the protector himself escorts Aladdin to the cave where the magic lamp is kept safe but also warns him as it's the last and the most dangerous obstacle. Will Aladdin be able to to get the magic lamp safely?
August 29, 2018

S01E08 Trapped
Aladdin overcomes the final obstacle and finally comes across the magic lamp and a great treasure but as he takes the magic lamp one coin from the treasure also gets in his pockets somehow. So he gets trapped inside the cave.
August 30, 2018

S01E09 Meet The Jinn
The Jinn comes out of the lamp and is scared to see Aladdin. The Jinn is unaware of its identity until Aladdin makes it realize. Meanwhile, Umer is waiting outside the cave for Aladdin. When Umer has lost all hope and presumes that Aladdin is dead, Aladdin comes out of the cave with the Jinn.
August 31, 2018

S01E10 Aladdin's New Responsibility
Umer makes Aladdin realize that the Genie is his responsibility now and if the magic lamp and the Genie go into wrong hands, there'll be chaos everywhere. So Aladdin and Genie start their journey back to Baghdad but on their way back Aladdin loses the navigation device. What will happen now?
September 3, 2018

S01E11 Back In Baghdad
Although Umer informed Aladdin strictly that the Genie and the magic lamp is his responsibility now, Aladdin gets frustrated and decides to ditch Genie and head back to Baghdad on his own. But somehow Genie follows him back to Baghdad and comes in front of everyone.
September 4, 2018

S01E12 Genie's New Family
Aladdin is the center of attraction at the supper party organized by his mother. Nazneen is suspicious of Aladdin's new friend and wants to find out more about him. Meanwhile, Genie is making himself comfortable in his new surroundings.
September 5, 2018

S01E13 The Chaos
Nazneen is curious to find out the secret of Aladdin's sudden rise to fame. Her appearance before Genie triggers a panic attack for Genie and he creates a storm. After the storm settles down, the people humiliate Aladdin and his mother.
September 6, 2018

S01E14 Your Wish Is My Command
After the humiliation faced by Aladdin and his mother, which brought tears in the eyes of Aladdin's mother, Aladdin orders the Jinn to get back into his lamp. Aladdin decides to get rid of the Jinn by giving the lamp to Zafar.
September 7, 2018

S01E15 Catching The Bald Guy
Princess Yasmine goes out on her conquest to find and capture the bald guy and somehow reach the mastermind behind everything through him. Aladdin convinces Genie to go back inside the magic lamp and takes it to Zafar for the exchange not having any clue about Zafar's plan to take the lamp and capture the Black Thief.
September 10, 2018

S01E16 Zafar's Fury
Zafar is furious when he finds out that the Black Thief has escaped. Aladdin and Yasmine are captured by the bald man and are handcuffed to each other. Zafar gets the news of the Black Thief being captured by the bald man so he decides to go there himself. While Yasmine waits in captivity to confront the Moustache Mastermind, Aladdin plans to escape.
September 11, 2018

S01E17 Aladdin's Escapades
Aladdin yet again escapes from the Bald Man's confinement with Princess Yasmine. The Bald Man then calls out his crows and send them to pursue Aladdin and lead them into his trap. Aladdin and Yasmine get trapped in the Bald Man's trap.
September 12, 2018

S01E18 The Secret Saviour
Aladdin and Princess Yasmine as trapped inside a cage and Zafar is on his way to get the magic lamp from the black thief so Aladdin somehow sets fire around the cage preventing Zafar from entering the area. Just when Aladdin's mother is about to get arrested for not paying the money lenders, a secret savior gives her some money and saves the day.
September 13, 2018

S01E19 The Magic Carpet
The Jinn with a twist of his wrists turns an ordinary carpet into a magic carpet, with the help of which Aladdin escapes with Yasmine before Zafar can catch him and get hold of the magic lamp. The Jinn escorts Aladdin and Yasmine to their home. Meanwhile, Zafar has turned diabolical due to his failure to possess the magic lamp.
September 14, 2018

S01E20 A Father's Cry
Aladdin and Princess Yasmine return to Baghdad with Genie's help. Aladdin's mother tells him about his father and how they lost everything in that fire. Gulbadan slips a truth serum in a drink and passes it to Aladdin to get the truth out of him.
September 17, 2018

S01E21 The Truth Serum
Genie drinks the juice in which the truth serum was added by Gulbadan so he is compelled to tell Aladdin's mother the truth about him being 400 years old. At the same time, Gulbadan's with his mother comes to get the truth out of Genie. Zafar has a new plan in his mind to get the magic lamp back.
September 18, 2018

S01E22 Search for the Magic Lamp
Aladdin bumps into Piddi while in search of Genie. Piddi, who is head over heels in love with Aladdin, forgets the question and starts daydreaming. Then, Aladdin finds Genie and learns that Genie has given the magic lamp to strangers. Now, Aladdin has to get the magic lamp before it falls on Zafar's lap.
September 19, 2018

S01E23 Secrets of the Past
Aladdin manages to get the magic lamp from the hands of Zafar's subordinates. Meanwhile, Nazneen is cajoling Genie into revealing his true identity. Aladdin's father visits his old house which is burned down. At the same time, Aladdin and his mother also arrive.
September 20, 2018

S01E24 Aladdin's Introspection
Aladdin and his mother enter their old house and miss Aladdin's father by just a few seconds. Aladdin does some introspection and decides that he is going to give up the magic lamp to the mustache guy. Princess Yasmine saves her father from getting killed by a falling chandelier.
September 21, 2018

S01E25 The Exchange
Aladdin signals 'Muschadd' and makes sure that he knows where the exchange of magic lamp is going to take place. 'Muschadd' understands the signal and reaches the 'Chaand Mehel' disguised as an old man. Little does Aladdin know that Zafar plans to either arrest or kill him after the exchange.
September 24, 2018

S01E26 Zafar's Plan
Aladdin is asked to remove his mask and in return, Muchhad will reveal his identity. Meanwhile, Yasmine finds out that one of the guards is a snitch. The guard is captured and interrogated but he doesn't reveal any details. Muchhad has decided to end Aladdin's life on the night of Jashn-e-Fateh. Will Aladdin find out about the plan?
September 25, 2018

S01E27 Destined
Zafar plans to kill Badshah Alam on Jashn-e-Fateh and hires a killer who is none other than Aladdin's father. Aladdin's mother goes to the market accompanied by Genie to celebrate Jashn-e-Fateh. Aladdin is worried about her mother so goes out to find her and bring her back.
September 26, 2018

S01E28 A Tough Decision
Aladdin makes a hard decision of letting Genie go and giving him to Muchhad and when he informs the same to Genie, he is devastated. The news of Genie leaving and never coming back saddens Aladdin's mother to the core. Omar prepares for the assassination of Princess Yasmine's father.
September 27, 2018

S01E29 The Assassin
Zafar dreams of sitting on the throne but standing in his way is the current Sultan of Baghdad. Meanwhile, Omar has arrived in the city to assassinate Sultan Shahnawaz. When the Sultan is greeting the people, Yasmine grows suspicious.
September 28, 2018

S01E30 A Father And A Son
Aladdin is still in a dilemma whether he should hand over the magic lamp to Muchhad or not. Omar is in his position and marks Badshah Alam with his arrow to assassinate him. Will Aladdin give the Genie to Zafar? Or will he change his mind?
October 1, 2018

S01E31 Genie Is Back
Aladdin fools Zafar by giving him a fake magic lamp but later realizes that the coins that Muchhad gave him were also fake so he brings Genie back home and apologizes to him. Princess Yasmine tells Badshah Alam everything about Muchhad and his planning.
October 2, 2018

S01E32 The Doppelganger
Zafar comes across a man who resembles the Sultan. An evil plan is conceived by Zafar to exploit this find to his advantage. Meanwhile, Aladdin and Yasmine are at a feast. Genie's magic turns Aladdin and Yasmine into dancers, while Genie tries to defuse the tension between the two.
October 3, 2018

S01E33 A Confession
Aladdin confesses his love for Princess Yasmine but when Yasmine reveals her identity he doesn't believe her. Zafar's men try to pursue Omar again into an attempt to kill Badshah Alam. Yasmine almost catches Sultan Shahnawaz's doppelganger.
October 4, 2018

S01E34 Wicked Conspiracy
Zafar sends Omar in Badshah Alam's room to assassinate him and then replace him with his doppelganger. But just when Omar is in Badshah Alam's room to kill him, Princess Yasmine also comes there. What will happen now?
October 5, 2018

S01E35 Sultan's Announcement
Yasmine is eagerly awaiting her coronation as the Sultan. She hopes that her father will make the announcement shortly. But, the Sultan announces that Yasmine is getting married. Meanwhile, Nazneen sends Gulbadan to Aladdin's house and asks him to hide the bangles at his place. Will Aladdin find out about Nazneen's plan?
October 8, 2018

S01E36 The Suitor
Zafar reveals to Yasmine that she will be getting married to Zayn, who has a rather special ability. Meanwhile, Nazneen blames Aladdin of having stolen the golden bangles. Ruksar is certain that Aladdin hasn't stolen the items and asks Nazneen to search her house.
October 9, 2018

S01E37 Zayn's Hocus
Zafar and Zayn plan to hocus princess Yasmine's mind by using Zayn's abilities and control her in any way they desire. Nazneen asks Aladdin to swear on his mother that he has never stolen anything from anyone. What will Aladdin do now? Will he be able to convince his mother?
October 10, 2018

S01E38 Under The Influence
Zayn hypnotizes Princess Yasmine and asks her to complete a task in order to get the hold of her mind completely. Aladdin realizes that Yasmine is in danger so decides to rescue her. Rukhsar and Omar almost come face to face.
October 11, 2018

S01E39 Genie Is Compromised
Zayn sends Princess Yasmine to fetch the black rose in order to complete the process of controlling her mind completely. Aladdin tries to stop her from doing that but Genie, who is under the influence of Zayn's magic, attacks him. What will happen now?
October 12, 2018

S01E40 Saving The Princess
Princess Yasmine is under Zayn's hocus and Zayn tries to diminish all her memories of her family and loved ones in order to compel her mind and heart. Aladdin gets to know about this plan so he decides to protect Yasmine. Will Aladdin be able to save Yasmine while fighting against Genie who is under Zayn's compulsion?
October 15, 2018

S01E41 Aladdin Is Adamant
Yasmine is still under Zayn's hocus and Aladdin is adamant to save the Princess so he tries to get Genie out of Zayn's influence and help him save Yasmine. Zayn completes the process and controls Yasmine's mind and heart.
October 16, 2018

S01E42 Rescue
Aladdin defeats Zyan and breaks the magic pendant getting Yasmine out of his influence. Aladdin decides to bring Yasmine to his home in order to protect her while she is unconscious. Zafar almost kills Zayn after hearing the news of Princess Yasmine escaping.
October 17, 2018

S01E43 Calling Out Aliza
Aladdin brings the unconscious Princess Yasmine to his house in order to protect her from Zayn. Zafar forces Zayn to call out Aliza and take her help in order for him to get to his goal. Nazneen Begum sees Yasmine in her shop and starts asking questions.
October 18, 2018

S01E44 Wicked Game
Princess Yasmine gets to know about Nazneen using her wicked plans to damage Aladdin and his mother's relations so she decides to teach her a lesson. Zayn calls out Aliza and she shows up and turns Zayn into a poisonous moth and orders Zayn to kill Aladdin.
October 19, 2018

S01E45 The Deadly Scorpion
Aliza turns Zayn into a deadly scorpion and asks him to kill Aladdin. Aladdin, Genie, and Ruksar decide to go to the mosque and Zayn comes there and plan an attack on Aladdin. Princess Yasmine feels that something is off with her father so she decides to confront him.
October 20, 2018

S01E46 Another Failed Attack
Zayn keeps on trying to attack Aladdin and bite him after turning into a poisonous scorpion but fails every time. Aladdin asks his mother about why people call his father a traitor. Nazneen successfully ruins the food made by Aladdin's mother for the poor people.
October 22, 2018

S01E47 To Catch A Sight
Genie gets to know that Nazneen has put some kind of drug in the food prepared by Aladdin's mother which can make everyone sick so he decides to use his magic to prevent that from happening. While in the mosque, Aladdin gets to know that Princess Yasmine is there to visit the mosque so he runs outside to catch a sight of her where Zayn is waiting for him.
October 23, 2018

S01E48 Aliza Shows Herself
While Aladdin is trying to catch a sight of Princess Yasmine, his mother gets stung by the poisonous scorpion that is Zayn. Aladdin picks his mother up and rushes to the doctor. Zafar gets frustrated and calls out Aliza and finally, she shows herself.
October 24, 2018

S01E49 The Venom Does The Work
The venom that Zayn injected in Aladdin's mother's neck seems to be working as she walks on unconsciously and starts to forget her memories. Aladdin gets a job offer from Mahal and decides to take it up to get closer to Princess Yasmine.
October 25, 2018

S01E50 Perseverance Is The Key
Aladdin is adamant about joining the job in the Mahal to get close to Princess Yasmine but his mother is concerned for his safety. Genie decides to train Aladdin for the job. Omar decides to let the real Badshah go.
October 26, 2018

S01E51 Free To Go
Omar lets the real Badshah go and he ends up going at a place where Princess Yasmine and the fake Badshah are doing charity among the poor. Aladdin brings his mother home after saving her from the guards but feels that something is wrong with his mother after he notices the weird behavior.
October 27, 2018

S01E52 The Fight
Yasmine's father tries to break the security in an attempt to speak with his daughter but Omar stops him in his tracks. Nazneen breaks into Aladdin's house and steals the magical armor. The next day, Aladdin enrolls his name for the competition. Aladdin hopes to turn his fortunes around by landing a job. Unaware to Aladdin, Gulbadan has something that Aladdin doesn't.
October 29, 2018

S01E53 Struggle Is Real
Aladdin finds out about Nazneen stealing his magical armor and giving it to Gulbadan who is also participating in the competition. Yasmine is worried about her father so she decides to discuss the situation with Piddi.
October 30, 2018

S01E54 Finding The Truth
Aladdin's mother motivates him from the ringside while he is getting beaten by the other competitor. Zafar and Aliza come close to find the Black Theif's protector. Yasmine and Piddi's plan work as they are able to reveal the fake Badshah. What will happen now?
October 31, 2018

S01E55 The Confrontation
Aladdin and Genie bring their mother home and when she wakes up from the temporary coma, she refuses to recognize them. Princess Yasmine confronts the fake Badhshah but just then someone attacks him. What will happen now?
November 1, 2018

S01E56 Three Days and Counting
Genie reveals to Aladdin that Rukhsar has been poisoned. Rukhsar has to be saved within three days but there isn't a known antidote available to treat the poison. Meanwhile, Zafar pushes the fake Badhshah off the balcony and becomes a hero in the eyes of Yasmine. Will Yasmine find out Zafar's true identity? And will Aladdin be able to save his mother?
November 2, 2018

S01E57 Breaking the Enchantment
Genie reveals to Aladdin that the one who has mastered the magical arts will be able to cure Rukhsar. But, Mallika, who had truly mastered the dark arts has turned into stone. The only way to save Rukhsar is to search for a solution, which is buried in one of the books containing all the secrets of magic. Genie asks Aladdin to take care of Rukhsar, while he goes in search of the solution.
November 3, 2018

S01E58 The Red Book
Genie decides to find the Red Book which contains the solution to break the enchantment on Aladdin's mother. After acquiring the red book, Genie realizes that to break the enchantment, they have to travel to the mountains of Mehran. Yasmin looking for some answers also decides to go with Aladdin to travel to the mountains of Mehran.
November 5, 2018

S01E59 Mehran, The Valley Of Death
When Genie informs Aladdin and Yasmin that they will find the solution to their problems in Mehran, without thinking for a split second, both of them decide to leave for Mehran but little do they know that a huge obstacle is waiting for them in Mehran which is also called the valley of death.
November 6, 2018

S01E60 Aliza's Plan
Zafar and Aliza realize that the Black theif and Yasmin are traveling to Mehran to find a solution to save Aladdin's mother so she decides to hinder their journey by raising a storm. So due to the storm, they crash land into the city of death, Mehran where Aliza waits for them.
November 7, 2018

S01E61 The Mirror World
Aliza's plan works as she successfully traps Aladdin and Yasmin in a mirror world in an alternate universe where there's death at every door. Aliza then informs Zafar that her next step is to trap the Genie in the Magic lamp and get it to him. What will happen now?
November 8, 2018

S01E62 Trapped
Aladdin and Yasmin are trapped in the Mirror World and they try every possible way to escape from there. Genie is trapped in Aliza's magic and gets pulled into the Magic Lamp. Aladdin and Yasmine find two mirrors where they can't see their own reflections so they decide to jump into one of the mirrors.
November 9, 2018

S01E63 An Attempt To Escape
Aladdin and Yasmine somehow escape the mirror world and meet Ilmi baba and ask him for answers to their problems but Ilmi Baba challenges them in a combat in order to prove their worth. Aliza and Zafar are successful in capturing Genie. What will happen now?
November 12, 2018

S01E64 The Answers
Illmi Baba finally agrees to answer a question posed by either Aladdin or Yasmine. Aladdin tricks the sage into answering not just one question but two. Illmi Baba reveals the secrets to save Aladdin's mother and Yasmine's father. Finally, Illmi Baba opens a portal for Yasmine through which she can escape the magical land. But, what about Aladdin? How will Aladdin find a way out?
November 13, 2018

S01E65 The Showdown
Ilmi Baba sends Aladdin to the place where Aliza has taken the magic lamp with Genie inside it so when Aladdin reaches there and witnesses Aliza in possession of the magic lamp, he has no other option but to get it back and protect it. What will happen now?
November 14, 2018

S01E66 Genie's Rage
Seeing Aladdin in trouble, Genie becomes enraged. Genie's anger knows no bounds and he grows in size and power. Zafar is ecstatic seeing that Genie is finally out of the magical lamp and decides to exploit the situation. Meanwhile, Yasmine manages to find her father but, Omar isn't far away.
November 15, 2018

S01E67 Good Triumphs Over Evil
Thanks to Genie, Aladdin comes out alive of the magical maze created by Aliza. Zafar fails to make Genie his slave and returns to Baghdad to find that the Emperor Shahnawaz has returned. Meanwhile, time is running out for Aladdin as he needs to save his dying mother. Will Aladdin succeed in saving his mother?
November 16, 2018

S01E68 Forced To Leave
A mob comes to Aladdin's house and asks them to leave thei house and the area as they believe that Aladdin's family carries a dark spirit with them. Zafar is furious after knowing that Badshah Shahnawaz has returned so he starts torturing people.
November 19, 2018

S01E69 The Meeting
In the darkness of the night, Omar meets Mucchad. The two plan to usurp the Emperor. Meanwhile, Nazneen is plotting to evict Ruksar. Aladdin decides to find a solution in an attempt to stay in the house. Aladdin plans to use the power of the good to defeat the forces of evil. Will Aladdin succeed?
November 20, 2018

S01E70 Joining Forces
Zafar manipulates Omar and they both join hands and decide to destroy Badshah Shahnawaz. Aladdin decides to take Badshah Shahnawaz's help and meet him in order to clear the stain on his father's name. Omar decides to find the Black theif in order to go through with his plans.
November 21, 2018

S01E71 A Father's Dream
Aladdin tries to enter the royal palace and talk to Badhshah Shahnawaz about his father and clear his name once and for all. Princess Yasmin decides to fulfill her father's long-lost dream. Zafar puts a bounty on the Black Theif's head.
November 22, 2018

S01E72 The Sultana
The Emperor announces that Yasmine will be crowned the Sultana of Baghdad. Yasmine's happiness knows no bounds as her dreams have finally come true but Zafar is infuriated. The Emperor also announces that the work on the oil wells will be overseen by Yasmine. Meanwhile, Aladdin and Genie learn that workers are required for the newly announced oil well project. Aladdin and Genie decide to take up the job but fate has other plans for them.
November 23, 2018

S01E73 The Crown Thief
The Emperor announces that Yasmine will be crowned the Sultana of Baghdad. Yasmine's happiness knows no bounds as her dreams have finally come true but Zafar is infuriated. The Emperor also announces that the work on the oil wells will be overseen by Yasmine. Meanwhile, Aladdin and Genie learn that workers are required for the newly announced oil well project. Aladdin and Genie decide to take up the job but fate has other plans for them.
November 26, 2018

S01E74 A New Beginning
Omar tries to catch Aladdin but the clever theif escapes. Meanwhile, Aladdin meets Yasmine while trying to escape Omar. Yasmine and Aladdin acknowledge their now diverging paths and decide to focus on their respective responsibilities. While Aladdin decides to focus on his new job, Yasmine decides to take the responsibilities of a Sultana seriously.
November 27, 2018

S01E75 Zafar's Ploy
Aladdin and Genie are ready to take up their new job but Nazneen blackmails Aladdin and asks him to steal the royal crown. Zafar plans to assassinate Sultana Yasmin at the oil digging site when she arrives there. Will Aladdin and Yasmin's path cross once again? Will he be able to dodge the new problem coming their way?
November 28, 2018

S01E76 The Landslide
Huge stones come rolling down on the people at the oil digging site but Aladdin's quick thinking saves the day and Zafar's plan fails again. But people start leaving the site thinking that the landslide might be a sign from God so Princess Yasmin comes across the task of convincing the people not to leave.
November 29, 2018

S01E77 Gaining People's Trust
As people start walking of the oil digging site, Princess Yasmin steps up to the occassion to convince people otherwise. Omar crosses paths with Aladdin's mother in his search for the black theif. Aladdin helps Yasmin to ocnvince the people at the oil site to come back to work.
November 30, 2018

S01E78 The Trap
Aladdin and Genie decide to meet Yasmine after learning that she is looking after the work going on at the oil well. However, Gulbadan stops Aladdin and Genie from meeting Yasmine. Later, Ruksar arrives at the oil well to meet Aladdin and Genie. Then, Nazneen reminds Aladdin of the task he has to carry out. Meanwhile, Omar has set up a trap to catch the infamous Kala Chor.
December 3, 2018

S01E79 The Clash
Aladdin falls in the trap set up by Omar and then the two clash with each other.. While Omar wants to catch the Kala Chor, Aladdin wants to escape. The two are ready to fight till death in order to get what they want. Will Aladdin be able to escape or will Omar catch him?
December 4, 2018

S01E80 The Escape
Aladdin escapes before Omar is able to catch him. Omar learns that the Kala Chor works at the oil well and decides to work there to accomplish his mission of nabbing the wanted thief. Meanwhile, Yasmine reinstates Zafar, which could turn out to be a costly mistake. Will Omar learn that Aladdin is Kala Chor?
December 5, 2018

S01E81 Omar's Escapade
Omar enters the mine in search for the Kala Chor after getting to know that it was Kala Chor who saved Badhshah Shahnawaz from his captivity. Omar doubts Aladdin to be the Kala Chor after he finds the same wounds on his hand as the Kala Chor after he fought him. Will Omar reveal Aladdin to be the Kala Chor?
December 6, 2018

S01E82 A Mother's Concern
Zafar is furious due to his failing plans one after the other so he starts torturing people around him. Later he comes up with a plan to spread terror and fear among the people of Baghdad. Aladdin's mother is concerned for him and Genie after a bad dream so she decides to tag along with them to the mines.
December 7, 2018

S01E83 Placing The Bombs
Zafar disguised as a street artist reaches the oil mine with his partners in crime in order to plant the bombs in the mine. Aladdin suspects one of the street artists and follows him. Will Zafar be able to execute his deadly plan successfully?
December 10, 2018

S01E84 The Distraction
Zafar sends his man to plant the bombs inside the mine. Zafar creates a distraction by organizing a dance celebration. While all the workers are outside enjoying the dance, Zafar's man manages to plant the bombs. Will Aladdin and Genie be able to avert this disaster?
December 11, 2018

S01E85 The Discovery of Oil
While trying to capture Mucchad's men, Aladdin discovers oil. Aladdin is hailed a hero and a celebration follows this landmark discovery. But, amidst the celebrations, Aladdin is concerned about the bombs placed in the mines. How will Aladdin avert the disaster that is about to happen?
December 12, 2018

S01E86 Chaos Everywhere
Aladdin and Genie try to dispose of all the bombs in the mines amidst the celebration of finding the oil. They are successful in disposing of some but not all the bombs so when the Bombs start exploding, people try to run out of the mines to save themselves. What will Aladdin and Genie do now?
December 13, 2018

S01E87 The Saviour
Yasmin witnesses the destruction in the oil mines and prays to the lord to send a savior and Aladdin emerges as that savior and saves as many people as he can. He takes his mother and Omar and takes them to the relief camp but in the process of saving other people, Genie gets injured badly.
December 14, 2018

S01E88 A Pray To The Gods
After witnessing the destruction and fire at the mining site, Rukhsar urges everyone in the camp to pray to the gods to send a solution. Aladdin saves Princess Yasmin from the fire and Genie uses his magic to pour rain over the fire and rescues everyone.
December 17, 2018

S01E89 The Unfinished Task
Genie, Aladdin, and Yasmine return to Baghdad safely. While Aladdin is delighted to be back home, Ruksar doesn't waste a moment to remind him of his unfinished task. However, Aladdin refuses to carry out the task at any cost. Meanwhile, the Emperor announces that jobs will be provided at the palace to those credited with the discovery of oil. Will Aladdin stand a chance of landing the job?
December 18, 2018

S01E90 Finding The Truth
Aladdin is about to start his job in the palace so he promises his mother to find the truth behind his father's death. Omar is happy to know that his wife is still alive. Princess Yasmin is still devastated to find out that about Aladdin's feelings so she decides to keep Aladdin away from her and gives him a job in Kabul. What will happen now?
December 19, 2018

S01E91 Aladdin's Job
Aladdin's job is hanging in the balance as his name is not announced until the end. Elsewhere, Rukhsar is confronted by Nazneen and her husband and an argument breaks out against Omar being a traitor, where Rukhsaar takes a very strong vow in front of the whole market.
December 20, 2018

S01E92 The Vow
Seeing Ruksar in tears, Omar vows to return only when he proves his innocence. Meanwhile, Nusrat, who is in-charge of the royal kitchen, sets things right following a fiasco created by Genie and Gulbadan. Will Omar be able to prove his innocence?
December 21, 2018

S01E93 The Moment Aladdin Awaits
On one hand, Omar is looking for a way to prove his innocence by attacking Emperor Shahnawaz, Aladdin is excited to serve the emperor, as that shall answer his innumerable questions about his father but unfortunately, Nusrat chains Aladdin so that he can't meet the emperor. Will Aladdin be able to speak to the Emperor?
December 24, 2018

S01E94 Omar's Revenge
Where, Omar is looking to expose Emperor Shahnawaz, Aladdin disobeys Nusrat and gets expelled from his job. Will the circumstances change for Aladdin and Omar?
December 25, 2018

S01E95 The Locked Door
Nusrat learns that Aladdin is Omar's son. Aladdin is searching for Mir Mustafa and finds a locked door, which has Mustafa's name engraved on it. However, Nusrat doesn't want Aladdin to unlock the door. Meanwhile, Yasmine decides to meet Aladdin. What secrets does the locked door contain?
December 26, 2018

S01E96 In the Search of Mir
Aladdin fools Yasmine into washing the utensils meanwhile, he searches the room of Omar's best friend, Mir. While doing so, he gets caught redhanded by Nusrat who decides to help Aladdin in search of Mir. Will the search of the room yield any result?
December 27, 2018

S01E97 The Secret of Mir
Nusrat and Aladdin find a book in Mir's room which has Farsi writing. Yasmine helps Nusrat and Aladdin to decode what's written in the book. Zafar visits Mir and tries to extract the secret which Mir has kept for 20 years and fails to do so. Zafar also reveals to Mir that his old and best friend Omar is alive. Aladdin visits the market to find out more about Mir. Will he achieve something?
December 28, 2018

S01E98 Trip to Spice Market
Where Zafar tries to look for clues as to what Mir is hiding from him, Aladdin who is looking for Mir in the market is spotted by Zafar and then he chases Aladdin to enquire as to why is he looking for Mir. Will he be able to catch him?
December 31, 2018

S01E99 The Man Who Disappeared
Aladdin gets a helping hand from Yasmine in his quest to find Mir Mustafa. While trying to trace Mir’s location, Aladdin and Yasmine fall into a pit. In the dark unexplored chamber, Aladdin finds an amulet and a jar. Will these items help Aladdin find Mir Mustafa?
January 1, 2019

S01E100 Time is Running Out
Every moment when Aladdin feels he has hit jackpot, he get's stuck at another dead end, but Rukhsaar motivates him saying that no effort goes in vain and he should keep on trying. Will Aladdin be able to save Mir.
January 2, 2019

S01E101 The Incomplete Love Story
Jinu and Aladdin go to Nusrat's room to find out the truth about the amulet which has her name engraved on it. Nusrat finally tells Aladdin and Jinu her story of love with Mir and how he left her in the middle of no where. Aladdin promises that he will find Mir. Will he be able to deliver on his promise?
January 3, 2019

S01E102 Saving Mir Mustafa
Zafar stabs Mir Mustafa and Aladdin finds Mir in a bad state. Aladdin takes Mir Mustafa back to his house and tries to save his life. Meanwhile, Nusrat meets Ruksar and informs her that Aladdin is trying to find Mir Mustafa. What secrets will Mir Mustafa reveal?
January 4, 2019

S01E103 The End of Mir
Even though Aladdin saves Mir from Zafar's attack, Mir's situation is critical. Nusrat has mixed emotions about seeing Mir. Mir also clarifies that Omar is innocent. After Mir dies, Aladdin finds a key in his hand which belongs to Aladdin's old house. What will happen next?
January 7, 2019

S01E104 The Mysterious Key
The key which Aladdin found in the hand of dying Mir is taken under custody by Rukhsaar and she asks Aladdin to not to go to their old house. Aladdin steals the key and goes to the house. What will he find there?
January 8, 2019

S01E105 The Key to Answers
Aladdin goes to his old house and with the help of the key which he got from Mir, he opens a secret door in the house which leads to another trap door in the house. What will Aladdin find in the end?
January 9, 2019

S01E106 The Magical Book
After Aladdin enters the secretive cage in his old house, he finds an ancient magical book. The book tells him about all the genies made by the magical queen Mallika. Aladdin on hearing this, is very excited as Jinoo is not the only genie alive. What shall happen next?
January 10, 2019

S01E107 The Ring
Behold the magical ring that shall end the life of the one foolish enough to steal it. Aladdin receives the warning and dares to risk his own life to find hidden secrets. Mucchad is closely watching Aladdin and wants to steal the book, which Aladdin wants to safegraurd. Meanwhile, Genie and Yasmine accidentally bump into Nazneen. Is Yasmine and Genie’s cover blown?
January 11, 2019

S01E108 Aladdin's Retreat
After having a fierce battle with Zafar for the magical book, Aladdin loses the book to Zafar. Genie and Yasmine come and rescue him from there. Zafar opens the book and its asks for a price for all the questions asked. Will Zafar pay the price.
January 14, 2019

S01E109 Genie Of The Ring
Aladdin and Zafar come to know about the Genie of the Ring and Malika, the creator of the Genies. Both realize that Aladdin is very important to acquire the Ring. Omar sees Ruksar but doesn't let her know it's him.
January 15, 2019

S01E110 The Secret Message
Zafar sends a message to Aladdin in a coded form. Before Aladdin can open the envelope and decipher the message, Nazneen snatches the envelope from Aladdin's hand and asks him to make a trip to Egypt on an assignment. When Aladdin refuses, Nazneen reminds him that he is yet to prove that his father is innocent. Will Aladdin make the trip or will he decipher Zafar's message?
January 16, 2019

S01E111 Jinoo's Fun
Aladdin is trying to battle Zafar in order to stop him from trying to get the magical ring. Jinoo has fun with Gulbadan, when Gulbadan enters into the competition of representing Baghdad in Egypt, Jinoo uses magic and fails Gulbadan.
January 17, 2019

S01E112 Unravelling the Secrets
Aladdin is on the lookout for Mucchad, who has managed to escape from Aladdin's hands. Aladdin meets Yasmine and she convinces Aladdin to join hands with her in an attempt to find Mucchad. Before escaping, Mucchad reveals to Aladdin that he is embarking on a trip to Egypt.
January 18, 2019

S01E113 Expedition to Egypt Begins
Aladdin is set to sail for Egypt with other Yasmine to find Mucchad and expose him to the world. Before they leave, Aladdin meets Zafar and introduce each other. Also, Aladdin is trying to locate Mucchad in the market with the help of a compass which has Mucchad's braclete in it. Will Aladdin find him?
January 21, 2019

S01E114 Jinoo's Duty
Two days into the expedition to Egypt, Aladdin has still not figured about the identity of Muchhad. On the other hand, Jinoo is on house duty of protecting Rukhsaar but himself is in trouble. What will happen next?
January 22, 2019

S01E115 Entry into Egypt
As the expedition has reached on the entry gates of Egypt, the mystical gates ask Zafar to solve a riddle and only then can they enter into Egypt. On giving the wrong answer, they will all lose their lives. Will Zafar answer correctly?
January 23, 2019

S01E116 Zafar's Plan
Zafar announces that the doors to Egypt will open at dawn. The next morning, the doors are opened and Zafar is sure that the Genie of the Ring will be under his control. Zafar wants to head east while the rest of the caravan is marching west. Aladdin and Yasmine are on a mission to catch Mucchad and stop him from getting to the Genie of the Ring.
January 24, 2019

S01E117 The Unseen Future
In this episode, Aladdin and Yasmine are determined to find Mucchad. Meanwhile, Omar wants to teach a lesson to Nazneen so that she doesn’t trouble Ruksar in the future. Nazneen asks Ruksar to leave the house and Gulbadan finds the magic lamp.
January 25, 2019

S01E118 Genie's Fate
The caravan reaches Egypt. Aladdin suspects that Mucchad’s accomplices are traveling with him. Then, Aladdin gets the sign that Mucchad is nearby. Along with Yasmine, Aladdin decides to find Mucchad. Then, a fire breaks out at the camp, which creates panic. Meanwhile, Omar stops Gulbadan from stealing the magic lamp.
January 28, 2019

S01E119 Zafar A Step Closer
After the tents catch fire, there's panic everywhere and Zafar takes advantage of the situation and becomes Mucchad and reaches to the pyramid where genie's ring is. Aladdin on seeing this, shouts to stop everyone but it's of no use. Can Aladdin stop Zafar.
January 29, 2019

S01E120 Mucchad's Trap
Mucchad has laid down a very well planned trap for all the members present in the expedition to Egypt. He takes them inside the pyramid where he plans to sacrifice their lives to Zehral in order to gain access to the ring's genie. Can Aladdin save them?
January 30, 2019

S01E121 Rise of the Creature
Aladdin has to rescue the innocent people and also catch Mucchad, who has possession to the key. Then, out of nowhere rises a creature no one has heard of before. The creature has the power to burn anyone to death. As the creature approaches, Yasmine puts her life on the line in order to save innocent lives.
January 31, 2019

S01E122 Rukhsaar Comes To Rescue
Aladdin and Mucchad are in a fix where Muchhad is ready to trade the key for the bridge if Aladdin retrieves the ring in which the genie is there. Elsewhere, Omar's setup has worked properly in defaming Aladdin's uncle and family and Rukhsaar comes to their rescue. What will happen next?
February 1, 2019

S01E123 The Ring or The Key?
Aladdin asks Mucchad to stop the creature from devouring the innocent people. Mucchad asks Aladdin to fetch him the Genie of the Ring and in return, he will help him save the lives of the people. Aladdin decides to get Mucchad the ring but will Mucchad keep his end of the deal?
February 4, 2019

S01E124 Mucchad Gets The Ring
After Aladdin gives the ring to Mucchad and gets the key from him, Aladdin decides to save the innocent people first and then take care of Mucchad later. Elsewhere, Yasmine plans to take on Zehral single-handedly. Will Aladdin be able to save the innocents and Yasmine be able to kill Zehral?
February 5, 2019

S01E125 Behold The Genie Of The Ring
The people safely get out of the pyramid in the nick of time. Mucchad wants to send Yasmine away so that he can release the Genie of the Ring. Aladdin realizes that Mucchad has deceived him and has taken the real ring. Then, Mucchad makes an attempt to release the Genie from the ring. Will Mucchad succeed in his evil plan?
February 6, 2019

S01E126 Genie Of The Ring Unleashed
The genie of the ring is unleashed and the genie tells Zafar that he is fortunate that he is the owner of the ring. Zafar is annoyed by the genie of the ring as he challenges Zafar's competency. What will be Zafar's reaction?
February 7, 2019

S01E127 Show-Off Genie
The genie of the ring shows-off his powers in front of Zafar by controlling Akbar's mind. Zafar is blown away by it. On the other hand, Jinoo and Aladdin meet Rukhsaar after a long time. The genie of the ring is still annoying Zafar by asking him puzzles. What will Zafar do about it?
February 8, 2019

S01E128 Brother's Love
Aladdin, while Jinoo is sleeping, confesses about how much he loves him and how much Jinoo has given them since he entered their lives. Elsewhere, Yasmine's friend Princess Meher slams down a helper for laughing. Aladdin and Jinoo find the genie of the ring in their house. What will they do?
February 11, 2019

S01E129 The Evil Genie
Going against Aladdin's warning, Genie steps out of the house. Jinn-e-Anghuti has sensed the presence of Genie and decides to track him. Aladdin sees a magical object in the sky and fears that Genie might be in trouble. Then, Aladdin rushes to Genie's help. Is Genie safe?
February 12, 2019

S01E130 Saving Gulbadan
As everyone is trying to save Gulbadan from the kite, Jinoo blames himself for the condition of Gulbadan. Aladdin consoles Jinoo that it's not his mistake. Aladdin also suggests that if you can't hide from the enemy it's better to come out and attack the Jinn-e-Anghuti and capture him first before Jinn-e-Anghuti captures Jinoo.
February 13, 2019

S01E131 Aladdin Wishes To Meet Yasmine
As Aladdin wants to meet Yasmine, she goes to him and gives him a task of eating a whole chilly, if he completes the task, Aladdin gets to meet the princess. Elsewhere, the paste of chilly prepared by Aladdin and Jinoo cures Gulbadan of his problem. What will happen next?
February 14, 2019

S01E132 The Trap
Jinn-e-Anghuti is on Ginu's trail. Meanwhile, Aladdin is trying to escape from Omar. Ginu decides to hurry and reach home before Aladdin does but Ginu falls unconsciousness and is found by Aladdin. Jinn-e-Anghuti is catching up and determined to catch Ginu. After Ginu regains consciousness, Aladdin asks him to find a way out before Jinn-e-Anghuti catches up. Will Aladdin and Ginu escape?
February 15, 2019

S01E133 Jinoo's Apology
Aladdin motivates Jinoo to do something so that they can escape from Jinn-e-Anguthi. Jinoo creates a tornado and they both escape from there and dupe Jinn-e-Anguthi. Post they have escaped, Jinoo apologises to Aladdin for not following orders. Aladdin consoles Jinoo and assures him that he won't anything happen to him. What will happen next?
February 18, 2019

S01E134 The Talismanic Chain
After Princess Meher orders Aladdin's ears to be cut-off, Yasmine rescues her. While the guards were taking Aladdin, he notices his amulet is missing and worries for Jinoo and rushes home to find him safe. Elsewhere, Jinn-e-Anguthi has a new weapon to catch Jinoo which is the talismanic chain.
February 19, 2019

S01E135 Chain Captures Aladdin
As the talismanic chain is out to capture Jinoo, it encounters Aladdin on the way. Aladdin figures that there's something wrong and in turn, the chain captures Aladdin and takes him away. Will Aladdin be able to escpae the chain and get free?
February 20, 2019

S01E136 Buried
Aladdin encourages Ginu to use his magical skills so that they can overpower Jinn-e-Anghuti. Aladdin and Ginu enter a cave and bury Jinn-e-Anghuti, unaware that Mustafa is watching them. Meanwhile, Zafar is waiting for the arrival of Jinn-e-Anghuti, believing that Jinn-e-Anghuti will bring Ginu along with him. Now that Mustafa has seen the cave, what will he do now?
February 21, 2019

S01E137 The Ominous Entity
Jinn-e-Anghuti latches onto Mustafa and makes him do things as per his will. Ginu decides to stay in the house as per Aladdin's wish but Ginu gets curious when he hears kids playing outside. Meanwhile, Zafar is awaiting the arrival of Jinn-e-Anghuti, unaware that the jinn is in Ruksar's house to find the identity of the men who buried him.
February 22, 2019

S01E138 Mustafa Out Of Control
After Mustafa has been taken under the control of Jinn-e-Anguthi, he is out of control and shouting at everyone. Rukhsaar decides to help Mustafa. Jinn-e-Anguthi thinks that Rukhsaar sounds sensible and will be the right person to know the details about Aladdin and Jinoo. What information will the Jinn-e-Anguthi get?
February 25, 2019

S01E139 Possessed
Jinn-e-Anguthi possesses Mustafa. Gulbadan comes across Mustafa and gets scared after seeing him enraged. Aladdin learns from Gulbadan that another Jinn is probably in the house. Aladdin and Jinu decide to go to the cave to find out if Jinn-e-Anguthi has escaped.
February 26, 2019

S01E140 Face to Face With Genie
Aladdin after entering the cave, finds a bracelet which belongs to Mustafa. On seeing Mustafa in the cave, he understands that Mustafa is under the control of Jinn-e-Anguthi. The Jinn-e-Anguthi questions Aladdin regarding Jinoo.
February 27, 2019

S01E141 Zafar's Threat
After the Jinn-e-Anguthi goes back without Jinoo, Zafar is not happy with his result and mocks him. Jinn-e-Anguthi lies to him about not being able to find Jinoo. He asks Zafar to trust him, but Zafar tells him that he's only got one last chance, otherwise he will put him back in the ring and throw the ring away. What will happen?
February 28, 2019

S01E142 The Troubling Situation
The guards arrest Aladdin and take him to the palace. Yasmine sees Aladdin being taken to the palace and follows him. Aladdin is brought before Meher, who asks Aladdin to take her on a tour of the city. When Aladdin is freed, he goes in search of Jinu. Will Aladdin be able to find Jinu?
March 1, 2019

S01E143 Motivating Jinoo
Aladdin tells Omar about the Jinn-e-Anguthi and Omar is optimistic about defeating the Jinn-e-Anguthi as they know the most powerful genie in the world and that is Jinoo. Aladdin and Omar try to convince Jinoo that he can fight the Jinn-e-Anguthi and defeat him. What will be Jinoo's reaction?
March 4, 2019

S01E144 Panic In Baghdad
Aladdin reaches home to find his mother and Jinoo safe. Jinoo and Aladdin go to the city market and they see the people in the market talking about what's happening in Baghdad. What Jinn-e-Anguthi did a few moments back has induced fear and panic among the people of Baghdad. How will Aladdin fight the situation?
March 5, 2019

S01E145 Jinn-e-Anguthi's Plans
Aladdin spots Yasmine in the cave where Omar and Jinoo are trying to train. He stops her right there and strikes a conversation and somehow manages to send her away. On the other side, Zafar is angry with the Jinn-e-Anguthi as he has not been able to anything as of yet to catch Jinoo.
March 6, 2019

S01E146 The Strength Within
The people of Baghdad are in fear after Jinn-e-Anguthi issues a threat. Omar and Aladdin try to help Jinu realize his inner strength and use his magical skills against Jinn-e-Anguthi. Meanwhile, Yasmine learns that a jinn has terrorized the people of Baghdad. What will Yasmine and Aladdin do against the powerful Jinn-e-Anguthi?
March 7, 2019

S01E147 Saving Baghdad
Jinn-e-Anguthi possesses Gulbadan. In the middle of the night, Nazneen and Ruksar find Gulbadan trying to set a fire in the neighborhood. Meanwhile, Yasmine is getting jealous of Meher as she is starting to like Aladdin. Jinn-e-Anguthi sends out a warning to Jinu and vows to unleash wrath in the city. How will Jinu and Aladdin save Bagdhad?
March 8, 2019

S01E148 Practice Makes Perfect
Yasmine gets stirred by Meher and Aladdin's closeness. Jinoo is in practice, trying to get his powers under control. While the whole of Baghdad is afraid of the dark Jinn-e-Anguthi. The only way is for Jinoo to fight back and save the common people.
March 11, 2019

S01E149 The Magical Battle
Jinoo is determined to fight Jinn-e-Anguthi in order to safeguard Aladdin and Ruksar. Jinn-e-Anguthi and Jinoo engage in a fierce battle but Jinoo is defeated. Jinoo vows to try harder next time and defeat Jinn-e-Anguthi. Meanwhile, Nazneen gathers her neighbors to find Jinn-e-Anguthi and teach him a lesson. Aladdin takes Meher on a trip around Baghdad.
March 12, 2019

S01E150 Ominous Presence
Aladdin takes Meher on a trip of Baghdad on the magical carpet. Jinn-e-Anguthi creates a spell that causes trouble for Aladdin. Then, Jinoo informs Aladdin that he and Jinn-e-Anguthi engaged in a fight. Ruksar's neighbors request Ruksar to help them get rid of Jinn-e-Anguthi's ominous presence.
March 13, 2019

S01E151 Possessed
Ruksar informs her neighbors that with the use of a mirror they can spot the Genie. Aladdin and Jinoo are worried as Ruksar can find out Jinoo's true identity with the help of a mirror. Then, Nazneen gets possessed by Jinn-e-Anguthi. Ruksar finds Aladdin unconscious and gets worried. What has happened to Aladdin?
March 14, 2019

S01E152 Mirrors
Jinn-e-Anguthi plays a trick with Ruksar and makes her believe Aladdin is unconscious Jinoo is nervous seeing mirrors everywhere and fears Ruksar will find out his true identity. Aladdin instils confidence in Jinoo and takes him outside the city to meet Omar. How will Aladdin and Jinoo defeat Jinn-e-Anguthi?
March 15, 2019

S01E153 Realizing His Powers
Aladdin goes to meet Bulbul who tells him that he needs atleast a thousand thorns from a specific venomous plant which will help him in the battle against Jinn-e-Anguthi. Elsewhere, Jinoo is getting trained by Omar, who unleashes a bee hive of Jinoo.
March 18, 2019

S01E154 The Unforgiving Desert
Yasmine receives a letter from which she learns Aladdin and Meher's travel escapade. Meanwhile, Aladdin and Meher are travelling through the desert. In Baghdad, Jinoo is scared of getting caught and tries to hide from every mirror possible. Jinn-e-Anguthi unleashes another attack and tries to destroy every mirror. Will Jinoo and Aladdin defeat Jinn-e-Anguthi?
March 19, 2019

S01E155 The Training
Aladdin and Meher arrive at their destination. Aladdin is attacked by predatory cacti and it is Yasmine who saves Aladdin from the attack. Meanwhile, Nazneen gathers the neighbours and creates a ruckus outside Ruksar's house for not catching the Jinn. Jinoo blames himself and seeks help from Omar to enhance his magical skills.
March 20, 2019

S01E156 Music of Pain
Aladdin and Meher return to Baghdad. Jinoo and Aladdin decide to meet Aladdin's Ustad, who has devised a new musical instrument that has the power to render the Jinn weak. Ruksar decides to use this musical instrument to captureJjinn-e-Anghuti. But, the musical instrument also affects Jinoo. Will Jinoo succumb to the pain? Will Aladdin be able to capture Jinn-e-Anghuti?
March 21, 2019

S01E157 Princess Yasmine To The Rescue
Meher sends a notification to Aladdin indication that she is in trouble. When Aladdin comes to see her, Meher tells him that it was all a joke and Aladdin gets mad ast her. Princess Yasmine sees both of them and locks them in their room and goes alone to save Baghdad.
March 22, 2019

S01E158 Princess Yasmine To The Rescue
Meher sends a notification to Aladdin indication that she is in trouble. When Aladdin comes to see her, Meher tells him that it was all a joke and Aladdin gets mad ast her. Princess Yasmine sees both of them and locks them in their room and goes alone to save Baghdad.
March 25, 2019

S01E159 Jin Turns To A Jin
Jinoo is heartbroken as his so-called mother send him out of the house after knowing the truth about his reality. Aladdin comes back home and is made to feel guilty about not being there when it mattered for his mother or Jinoo. His mother knows that Aladdin also lied about Jinoo's reality.
March 26, 2019

S01E160 Jinoo Turns Against Aladdin
Jinoo is heartbroken as his so-called mother send him out of the house after knowing the truth about his reality. Aladdin comes back home and is made to feel guilty about not being there when it mattered for his mother or Jinoo. His mother knows that Aladdin also lied about Jinoo's reality.
March 27, 2019

S01E161 Chasing The Chiraag
An evil genie has run away with Aladdin's Lamp. Yasmeen and him are chasing him, trying to get hold of the Chiraag. They use a lot of trickery to stop the genie. But will they be able to get hold of him.
March 28, 2019

S01E162 Zafar's Demand
Zafar after capturing Jinoo and becoming the new master of the lamp asks Jinoo to decorate his court and after that asks him to take him to the Baghdad's treasury. Once they are there, he asks Jinoo to kills his first master. What will Jinoo do?
March 29, 2019

S01E163 Zafar Controls Jinoo
Zafar takes control of JInoo and as his master he orders him to kill Aladin. Aladin reminds Jinoo of all the good old days and reminds him of his mother as well. Will Jinoo let Zafar control him, stay tuned to find out.
April 1, 2019

S01E164 Aladdin Repents
After Jinoo has almost killed Aladdin, Zafar call Jinoo back into the magical lamp. Aladdin is repenting on the fact that he should have been there to protect him. Yasmine persists on knowing the fact about Jinoo.
April 2, 2019

S01E165 Jinoo's Memory
Now that Zafar controls Jinoo and his affection for Aladdin and Rukhsaar comes in the way of Zafar's intents, he orders Jinoo to erase all his memories of Aladdin and Rukhsaar. How will be a changed Jinoo?
April 3, 2019

S01E166 Yasmine Orders Meher
Yasmine asks Meher to leave the palace as she is not able to serve her responsibilities. Meher denies and urges that she wants to stay back. But Yasmine is adamant and makes sure Meher leaves the palace. Aladdin dreams of Jinoo and cannot sleep the whole night.
April 4, 2019

S01E167 Yasmine's Father is back
Nakchadi is very happy because her father came back. Meanwhile, Abbu and his family got kidnapped, but Abbu also doesn't know the reason why he and his family got kidnapped.
April 5, 2019

S01E168 Genie In A Negative Role
With a new Akka,a.k.a master Genie sees a transformation. He becomes a negative being, he humiliated, condemns and harms Anghuta Chap. On the other end, Aladdin is trying to find ways to have Genie back.
April 8, 2019

S01E169 Aladdin And Yasmine On A Mission
Rukhsar prays for Jinoo's well-being and wishes that he returns soon. Yasmine and Aladdin look for a house where Jinoo has been held captive and being tortured. Yasmine is grateful as Aladdin returns her bracelet.
April 9, 2019

S01E170 Zafar's Dream
Aladdin and Yasmine both are lost in their own thoughts of how they feel when they are with each other, on the other hand, Zafar wants to rule Baghdad and to know his status he goes to the market in disguise for his validation.
April 10, 2019

S01E171 Jinoo Refuses To Recognize Aladdin
Jinoo laughs it off when he realizes that the Kala Chor is a girl. Aladdin tries his best to find where Jinoo is. Aladdin can't believe himself when he realizes that he has been developing a soft corner for Yasmine. When Aladdin finally comes across Jinoo, he refuses to recognize him and shows hatred towards him.
April 11, 2019

S01E172 Jinoo's After Aladdin
After Jinoo has failed to recognise Aladdin and has kept him captive, Aladdin uses his intelligence to get free from captivity and runs away. Jinoo starts looking for Aladdin and warns him that as soon as he finds him he will kill Aladdin.
April 12, 2019

S01E173 Aladdin Talks About Jinoo
Aladdin is so excited seeing Yasmine that he hugs her tightly. Yasmine is shocked when Aladdin tells her that Jinoo tried killing him. Aladdin still believes that Jinoo somewhere remembers him and Rukhsar.
April 15, 2019

S01E174 Jinoo Attacks Zafar
Seeing Zafar dressed like Kala Chor, Jinoo starts attacking him. Rukhsar pulls Aladdin's ears when he misbehaves with their guests. Aladdin informs Yasmine that the sundial will help them lead to Jinoo's lamp.
April 16, 2019

S01E175 Aladdin The Saviour
Wazir gifts a sword called Shamsher to Princess Jasmine. They are having a conversation just when two men attack them. Aladdin comes to their rescue and singlehandedly defeats those two men. Wazir summons Gullu and his family at his court to know what information they have collected till now.
April 17, 2019

S01E176 Aladdin Decides To Propose Yasmine
Ruksaar guides Aladdin to propose Jasmine before it's late and in the meantime, he gets a reminder of finding Jinoo. Jasmine informs him about the depleting magical Dhoopghadi when he meets her. Later Aladin tries finding a way to make Dhoopghadi work so as to find Jinoo.
April 18, 2019

S01E177 Yasmine Tricks Zafar To Hide Aladdin
Aladdin hides in Yasmine's room while Zafar arrive and tries entering but Jasmine somehow stops her. Later after Zafar's exit Aladin plans of searching the three rooms of the castle to reach Jinoo and the magic lamp.
April 19, 2019

S01E178 Zafar To Impress Yasmine
Zafar plans on defeating Princess Yasmine in sword fighting so that she is impressed of his skills. And later in the fight, Zafar falls into water and gets defeated by Princess Yasmine.
April 22, 2019

S01E179 Aladdin Informs His Mother About Jinoo
Aladdin finally informs his mother Ruksaar that he is not so far from Jinoo and he is returning soon. And later Yasmine informs him to be a part of workers those are going to be involved in the decoration of the castle.
April 23, 2019

S01E180 Zafar Employs Jinoo
Zafar doubts princess of meeting Aladdin without making him know about this fact. And Zafar later calls Jinoo and employs him to have an eye upon princess and her activities.
April 24, 2019

S01E181 Yasmine Mocks Aladdin's Makeover
Aladdin enters into the castle as a worker with a different getup than usual, which makes him unrecognizable even for Yasmine. Later when she recognizes him, she mocks his getup and laughs at loud.
April 25, 2019

S01E182 Rukhsar Reunites With Omar
As soon as Aladdin gets his hands on the lamp, he kisses it with extreme joy. Zafar is surprised when he learns that one of the secret doors to the palace is locked from inside. Rukhsar breaks down seeing her husband Omar.
April 26, 2019

S01E183 Aladdin Gets Confused
Aladdin gets confused after seeing so many lamps in the room and starts searching for the Jinoo's lamp restlessly. On the other side, Ruksar gets emotional upon meeting her long lost husband.
April 29, 2019

S01E184 Aladdin Tries Escaping
Aladdin just escapes from getting caught by the king's men and keeps on struggling to get out of the castle. On the other side, Yasmine tries finding Aladdin in the crowd but fails.
April 30, 2019

S01E185 Rukhsar Saves Her Husband
While Rukhsar and her husband were staring at each other from a distance suddenly a soldier comes towards them in search of a thief. But Rukhsar saves her husband from being arrested by the soldier.
May 1, 2019

S01E186 Aladdin Recalls The Events
Aladdin gets confused in his own thoughts and tries finding the solutions, and leaves to inform Yasmine the facts. On the other side, Rukhsar decides to make Aladdin meet his father and gets excited but also gets sad upon missing Jinoo.
May 2, 2019

S01E187 Yasmine's Dream
Aladdin goes to see Yasmine in her chamber to tell her how he feels and tells her that he has decided to leave. Yasmine stops him and confesses her own love for him. Is it a dream?
May 3, 2019

S01E188 The Locked Door
Yasmine's father declares that he wants to meet the man who won her heart. Aladdin is trying to get into a locked door guarded by the genie but he is unsuccessful. Yasmine and Aladdin meet up in a hurry to tell each other their news.
May 6, 2019

S01E189 Aladdin Knows Zafar's Secret
Aladdin tells Yasmine that Zafar is up to something shady. He also tells her that Genie was going to tell him something but he couldn't. Aladdin thinks that the Genie's magical lamp is with Zafar only. Yasmine wants to tell Aladdin that she loves him but she keeps her mouth shut because she doesn't want to come in between Genie and Aladdin.
May 7, 2019

S01E190 Old Friends, New Enemies
Aladdin and Jasmine depart from each other reluctantly. Zafar is given the news that Omar is still alive. Zafar tries to figure out Omar's next moves. The young couple Aladdin and Jasmine are busy daydreaming about each other.
May 8, 2019

S01E191 A Troubling Nightmare
Aladdin's mother has a nightmare about Omar. She is unwilling to tell her son more on this matter. Jafar is in a conference with the Genies deciding on what to do with Omar. Yasmine's mother confronts her about her affair with Aladdin.
May 9, 2019

S01E192 Secrets Of The Room
Aladdin and Yasmine enter the secret room and about to blow the horn when Zafar suddenly enters the room and they go into hiding. It is revealed that it was actually the genie in disguise who entered the room to stop them. The couple leaves the room in a hurry planning to return again. Meanwhile, the real Zafar continues to torment Omar.
May 10, 2019

S01E193 Aladdin's Dilemma
Aladdin is busy thinking about Yasmine while eating his dinner and is not responding well so his mom asks him what is the matter. He says there is also another matter bothering him-her father wants to meet him.
May 13, 2019

S01E194 Zafar's Poisonous Words
Yasmine is troubled by thoughts of Aladdin and wants to know what is in his heart when she gets a surprise visit from Zafar, who brings a gift for her. he tries to brainwash her with his words. Omar is still being held prisoner with the power of the genies.
May 14, 2019

S01E195 The Cat Thief
Aladdin observes the 'cat' thief and surmises that he must be the same person who hid the sword in his room before. Aladdin asks himself why this is happening and plans his next steps. Omar is trying desperately to escape and gets his chance when his chains break. Aladdin meets Yasmine and tries to patch up.
May 15, 2019

S01E196 Omar Escapes
Yasmine and Aladdin are nearly overheard by Gulbadan but Yasmine notices him and is able to trick him. Omar swears revenge against Zafar and escapes from his prison. Yasmine continues to stroke Gulbadan's ego and divulges information from him as Aladdin watches the fun.
May 16, 2019

S01E197 Dark Powers
Omar and Aladdin both are looking for each other to tell them very important things, when they meet, a sandstorm comes and none are able to hear what they want to say. Aladdin's scientist uncle tells him that tomorrow is the day when the dark powers will be at its peak.
May 17, 2019

S01E198 Night Of The Eclipse
A Lunar Eclipse is about to occur. Aladdin's mother spills milk while in a hurry and she sees this as a bad omen. As everyone is preparing for the night, Aladdin has his own plans against Zafar. What will happen tonight?
May 20, 2019

S01E199 Shocking Discovery
Aladdin is shocked at his discovery, and behind the scenes, Zafar is jubilant at seeing this reaction. Earlier Zafar had advised the Sultan to meet Aladdin as a common man too since he didn't know that Yasmine is a princess.
May 21, 2019

S01E200 The Sultan's Rage
Yasmine has been caught by her parents and her mother blames it on her father for not being stricter. Zafar is feeling over the top seeing the misery of the royal family. The Sultan is totally against Aladdin after realizing his identity as the 'Kala Chor'.
May 22, 2019

S01E201 The Puppet Sultan
Aladdin is apprehended by the soldiers of the Sultan and Aladdin swears revenge against him. However, things are not what they seem As the sultan is being used as a puppet by the Genie. Aladdin snaps and attacks the sultan but he is defeated.
May 23, 2019

S01E202 Zafar's Master Plan
Aladdin's mother wakes up from a nightmare and finds him missing. Zafar is celebrating with the genies and further explains his plans to them. Stay tuned to find out his next move, and what happens next.
May 24, 2019

S01E203 Yasmine Mourns
Rukhsaar finds Aladdin missing from the house and it worries her. Yasmine on the other hand is mourning that Kala Chor is the person who attacked her father and she loved him.
May 27, 2019

S01E204 Aladdin Gets Convicted
Zafar claims in front of the general people that Aladdin is the murderer of the King and promises them to kill him as soon as he finds him. And he as well asks the gene named Angootha to give statement against Aladdin. Will he succeed in his conspiracy?
May 28, 2019

S01E205 The Sentencing
Aladdin is being judged and Yasmine pronounces her sentence-his 'crimes' will not be forgiven by the laws of Baghdad. Stay tuned to see what happens to the fate of the Kala Chor.
May 29, 2019

S01E206 Omar Knows
Omar is woken up by the genie and reveals to him that they have other plans for him. Zafar tells Omar about how he manipulated him into following his plan and his true relations with Aladdin.
May 30, 2019

S01E207 Ruksar's Confession To Aladdin
Yasmine allows Aladdin's mother to visit him. They have an emotional reunion as Aladdin ask his mother for forgiveness. Then, she reveals that she had kept a secret from him for a long time.
May 31, 2019

S02E1 Aladdin's Heroics
Aladdin saves all the workers who might have died by getting crushed under the falling statue. Everyone praises Aladdin for his heroics, on the other hand, Rukhsar is missing Aladdin and makes his favourite dish for the kids around her.
June 3, 2019

S02E2 Aladdin Fools Zafar's Man
One of Zafar's man with some soldiers gets Aladdin and tries to make him captive again but he finds Angutha Chhap's ring in his hand and tries fooling him. Aladdin gets success in making him fool and he throws the ring where Aladdin is made captive.
June 4, 2019

S02E3 Aladdin Decides To Take Revenge
Genie tells Aladdin that Zaffar plotted the whole drama against him. Aladdin decides to take revenge from Zaffar. Yasmine agrees to get married to Zaffar since it was her father's last wish. Aladdin takes up a new identity to go back to Baghdad.
June 5, 2019

S02E4 Ruksar Meets Yasmine
Aladdin escapes from his prison and gives away his magical ring to Tahir but when he asks Genie to kill Aladdin he steals the ring back from him. Ruksar comes to meet Yasmine and tells her to do as her heart says. Aladdin tells Genie that he is going to Baghdad to make Zafar's life hell.
June 6, 2019

S02E5 Jinn-e-Anguthi And Aladdin Team Up
Jinn-e-Anguthi and Aladdin join hands after Aladdin escapes the prison. Aladdin asks Jinn-e-Anguthi that how shall he tackle Jinoo in order to get to Zafar and defeat him as he only knows how to trick people.
June 7, 2019

S02E6 Yasmine Makes An Announcement
People of Baghdad congratulate Zafar and Yasmine on their wedding announcement. Yasmine makes an announcement that she will become the Sultana of Baghdad and will always protect it from any danger.
June 10, 2019

S02E7 Cave Of Death
Aladdin while in search of treasury cave with Angootha Chhap falls into a cave where he finds only the dead bodies of human beings. His companion gets afraid of the situations but not Aladdin and he tries finding the way out.
June 11, 2019

S02E8 The Hidden Treasure
Aladdin along with Almardoot and Angootha chhap reaches the secret cave where the treasure is hidden. But greedy Almardoot tries exploiting Aladdin and relives the dead people lying there.
June 12, 2019

S02E9 Aladdin Meets A New Genie
Aladdin fights an army of souls. Yasmin is behaving weird. Zaffar addresses Genie as his brother. Anguthi Chaap tells Aladdin that there are two Genies around them. Aladdin finds out there's a genie inside a bottle.
June 13, 2019

S02E10 Magic Fish
Aladdin gets some water to drink and after drinking, feels something unwanted in his throat and throws it out. To his surprise, it is fish and genie as well and Angootha Chhap starts impressing her.
June 14, 2019

S02E11 Baghdad's Throne In Trouble
Aladdin with his companions heads to hunt down the treasure. A shrewd Zafar with the intention of usurping the throne turns Yasmine into a parrot. Will Zafar succeed in his evil endeavor?
June 17, 2019

S02E12 Aladdin's Condition
Aladdin's new companions tell him that he needs them as much as they need him. Aladdin lets them come with him and Angoothi Chhap but he has a condition.
June 18, 2019

S02E13 Ali's Grand Entry In Baghdad
Angoothi Chhaap gets upset because Genie Minnie calls her brother. Ali and his companions make a grand entry in Baghdad. Zafar prepares for a celebration and asks genie to bring various things from different parts of the world.
June 19, 2019

S02E14 Zafar's Plans
One of Princess's maid is feeding the fresh chilies to the parrot and suddenly it goes away flying and Zafar is seen planning for something but he hides it from Jinoo who feels bad about that. Later Zafar meets Aladdin in the feast.
June 20, 2019

S02E15 Zafar Recognises Aladdin
Zafar is shocked to see Aladdin alive and immediately orders to kill him. Aladdin tells that he is Ali, Aladdin's doppelganger. Zafar, now heads to the place where Aladdin was executed to know the truth.
June 21, 2019

S02E16 Aladdin Exposed
After Zafar has decided to get behind what happened with Aladdin's execution, he takes his doppelganger to the place where he was buried to crosscheck about his lies. Will Zafar find out?
June 24, 2019

S02E17 Aladdin In Baghdad Court
Aladdin's own people see him when he is presented in the court. He tries to fake his identity when Chimma Jalaad, one of his old pal is called by Zafar to punish him.
June 25, 2019

S02E18 Aladdin Is Revengeful
Zafar shows Aladdin how Yasmin is now a mere parrot. A grieved but revengeful Aladdin determines to take action against Zafar.
June 26, 2019

S02E19 Aladdin Meets His Mother
Aladdin while dining with Zafar sees his mother serving him food. An emotional Aladdin is now in a dilemma. How will he react?
June 27, 2019

S02E20 Zafar Is Concerned
Zafar realises that people of Baghdad should know the effort he is putting to recover Yasmine. Hence, he invites people from places for the same.
June 28, 2019

S02E21 Zafar Imprisons Yasmine
Scholars around the city try to turn the parrot into Yasmine but fail. Even Aladdin tries to do so. Will Aladdin be able to recover Yasmine?
July 1, 2019

S02E22 Aladdin Breaches The Palace
Aladdin and his companions breach the palace in search of Yasmine in order to recover her. In the meantime, Jinoo suspects their presence.
July 2, 2019

S02E23 Aladdin Brings Yasmine Back
Aladdin and his companions after a brief attempt succeed in turning the parrot into Princess Yasmine. Aladdin is nostalgic while Zafar is curious.
July 3, 2019

S02E24 Yasmine Is Shocked
A shocked and angry Yasmine tells Zafar to send Aladdin out of the kingdom after she has an brief encounter with him. Aladdin is nostalgic and finds ways to talk to Yasmine.
July 4, 2019

S02E25 Aladdin Gifts Zafar
After Aladdin and his companions are ousted from Baghdad, Aladdin plans to send an extravagant gift to Zafar. Zafar is both happy and confused now as to what to do next.
July 5, 2019

S02E26 Aladdin's Plan
Aladdin sends much gold to Zafar as a token of gift and he calls a goldsmith to verify them. Than Zafar assumes that Ali wants to make friendship with him whereas Ali tries to tempt him towards the valuable gold.
July 8, 2019

S02E27 Zafar Is Trapped
Aladdin and his companions trap Zafar in a scary cave in lieu of the treasure. Anghuthi chhaap is enraged and dares to scare Zafar even more. How will Zafar escape?
July 9, 2019

S02E28 Aladdin Reunites With Zafar
Aladdin and his friends rescue Zafar from the deadly place and Chamnd Changezi is also found. Meanwhile, the cave begins to demolish and Aladdin sends Zafar and Jinoo out of the place.
July 10, 2019

S02E29 Jinoo Is Suspicious
Jinoo suspects Aladdin's intentions thoroughly and doesn't want him to come to Baghdad. He tries to know the truth by questioning Aladdin in various ways.
July 11, 2019

S02E30 Aladdin Plans Against Zafar
Anguthi Chhaap tells Aladdin that why all these formalities are going on when their intention is to harm Zafar. Aladdin tells Anguthi Chhaap to calm down and plans accordingly for the destruction of Zafar's resources.
July 12, 2019

S02E31 Zafar's Greed
Aladdin offers Zafar a great lot of wealth in the intention to trap him. Zafar is spellbound and tells Aladdin various reasons as why he needs the wealth.
July 15, 2019

S02E32 The Secret Deal
Aladdin tells Zafar that the Baghdad fort is his but Zafar can stay there for as long as he wants because he is his friend. Zafar asks Aladdin to not to tell anyone about this deal and keep it a secret.
July 16, 2019

S02E33 Jinoo Goes To The Desert
Zafar appoints Gulbadan to accompany Jinoo when he heads to the desert. Aladdin and his companions secretly follow them in the palace.
July 17, 2019

S02E34 Aladdin Catches Zafar
Zafar loses the gold earned from Ali and out of anger shouts at the Subedar for not being careful. But Ali comes to Zafar's bedroom to check who was shouting and warns him to keep the gold safe.
July 18, 2019

S02E35 The Broken Trust
Aladdin tells Zafar that he no longer trusts him. Zafar apologizes to Aladdin. Jhumroo informs Zafar that he will have to leave the fort by the morning. What will Zafar do now?
July 19, 2019

S02E36 Aladdin Tricks Jinoo
Jinoo gives the wrong gold biscuit to Aladdin's mother, after Anguthi chhaap shows him the same. Aladdin takes both the gold biscuits and tricks Jinoo.
July 22, 2019

S02E37 Zafar Is Helpless
Aladdin tries to frighten Zafar by asking questions related to his past. Zafar starts feeling insecure and Aladdin takes advantage of the situation. Zafar loses his authority in this way.
July 23, 2019

S02E38 Zafar Gets Surprised
Early morning, Jinoo surprises Zafar by informing him about Jasmine's return. Zafar wakes up and scolds Jinoo for not letting him know early. On the other hand, Aladdin explains about his meeting with Jasmine to his friends.
July 24, 2019

S02E39 Yasmine Confronts Zafar
After punishing Yasmine's father, Zafar took a loan from Ali in the form of gold coins keeping Mansion in debt. Furious to know, Yasmine takes on Zafar and confronts him for his deed.
July 25, 2019

S02E40 Aladdin Asks For A Favor
Aladdin asks Angoothi Chhap if he told Genie Mini about their plan or not. Angoothi Chhap tells Aladdin that he forgot to tell Genie Mini about their plan. Aladdin lies to Genie mini and tells her that whatever Jinoo did was his mistake. Aladdin asks for a favor from Genie Mini.
July 26, 2019

S02E41 Yasmine Plans To Oust Ali From Baghdad
Yasmine shares her plan of getting Ali banished from Baghdad to Piddi. According to her plan, she will pretend an affair with Ali and this will be an issue for Zafar. Zafar and Ali are great friends and he tells Ali about his attraction for Yasmine. Ali assures him help to win the love of Shehzadi Yasmine.
July 29, 2019

S02E42 Yasmine Questions Her Plan
Ali helps Yasmine to release her foot from under the heavy box. Yasmine's plan is in danger and it might just fail. She also asks Ali to drop her to the room. On the other hand, Zafar is dreaming about his love.
July 30, 2019

S02E43 Ali Finds The Solution
Ali and his gang are looking for the person who had sent the letter. Ali comes up with this amazing plan which will help them capture the person they are looking for. Jinoo, on the other hand, learns the greatness of apology.
July 31, 2019

S02E44 An Important Day
Zafar is going to announce the winner of the gold from among the beggars. He, however, doesn't want to give the gold away. Jinoo is distracted as per Ali's plan.
August 1, 2019

S02E45 Winner Of The Gold
Jinoo can't play his magic and Yasmine draws out the chit with the name of the winner. Aladdin's mother Rukhsar wins the gold. Zafar is not happy at all but he endures all to impress Yasmine.
August 2, 2019

S02E46 Jinoo In Trouble
Aladdin's mother Rukhsar wins the prize possession. Everyone is happy in the fort. Jinoo receives the news and congratulates Rukhsar. But in that very moment, he realizes that he screwed up. He was not supposed to let anyone win except for Zafar's people. He goes into a huge dilemma.
August 5, 2019

S02E47 Aladdin Is Scared
Aladdin wakes up in a stranded desert with flying carpet under him. After looking around a bit. He sees a scarecrow which was alive and scared for his life doesn't know what to do. Meanwhile, Jinoo is roaming around the market in search of a present for Sarah Ji.
August 6, 2019

S02E48 Ali Goes Down The Memory Lane
After finding out that it was none other than Bulbul Chacha who had a command over Ali's magic carpet, Ali gets confused. But after making peace with it, Ali takes Bulbul Chacha to his flashback story, about how he became Ali from Aladdin.
August 7, 2019

S02E49 The Golden Tower
Zafar takes Jinoo to his golden tower. There he explains what his true intentions are for Ali. He wants to build an entire empire of gold, in which Ali plays an important role. Zafar asks Jinoo to apply some magical spell on his tower so that no one can get past it.
August 8, 2019

S02E50 Ali Is Concerned
Ali deceives Zafar by acting unconsciously in the desert. He asks for help and Zafar with the help of Jinoo takes Ali back to the city. Ali runs off to the palace to make sure that his mom is safe and sound. There he finds out that 227 people got missing from the city.
August 9, 2019

S02E51 The Palace Library
Ali and the others go to the library in the Palace in search of the magical book which Zafar had stolen from him earlier. They find the book after a lot of efforts and now they are at an advantage.
August 12, 2019

S02E52 Aladdin's Life Threat
Ali gets caught while eavesdropping on Zafar and Jinoo. Zafar tells him everything about the Golden Tower and also that Zafar will need the blood of Yasmine. Then he tells Ali that Jinoo is not a human but a Jin. Jinoo is ordered by Zafar to kill Ali and he tries doing that. Ali then disappears.
August 13, 2019

S02E53 Ali Is Trapped
Ali was caught by Zafar eavesdropping to him and Jinoo's conversation about Raaz-e-Qaynat. Zafar orders Jinoo to kill Ali. Jinoo takes them to a stranded place where he appears in his evil form. He strangles Ali in his gigantic palm. Ali struggles a lot but can't do anything about it.
August 14, 2019

S02E54 Gulbadan Creates Trouble
Gulbadan enters Ali's chamber and disturbs him while he was busy planning for the rescue of the missing women. But Ali and his friend somehow make him turn his head and send him away. Meanwhile, all the people of Baghdad get worried about the missing women.
August 15, 2019

S02E55 The Use Of Wisdom
When Aladdin gets to know the plan of Zafar, he is very happy to know that Zafar is doing what he expects him to and with the use of Bulbul Chacha's wisdom and knowledge, they shall defeat Zafar.
August 16, 2019

S02E56 Undoing Black Magic
Ballu and Chandu together form the machine which will produce clouds and bring a storm needed to bring back the disappeared people. With the machine, Jinoo and Ali go beyond the magical gate and reach the golden tower. They want to undo the magic that was made while making the tower. In the process, Jinoo starts to remember his times with Aladdin.
August 19, 2019

S02E57 The Iron Key
Ali and Jinoo fail in their attempt to undo the black magic. When they return he comes across a fact in the most unprecedented manner. He goes to Zafar and tells him the entire idea of the solution. Ali finds out that iron is the key to undoing the black magic. The iron key, the iron vase, the sword are all part of the magic that resulted in the disappearance of the women of Baghdad.
August 20, 2019

S02E58 Jinoo's Triumph Over His Inner Darkness
Ali asks the villagers to bring some iron things which belonged to their women. Ali collects it and with the help of Jinoo, he tries to bring back all the women who disappeared. Jinoo is feeling under confident about his magic, but Ali comforts him and the magic works.
August 21, 2019

S02E59 Aladdin's Jinns On Task
Ali tries to wake Yasmine up but Zafar refuses to participate. Instead, Zafar orders Jinoo to lay a magic cover on Yasmine so that no one can try to wake her up. After that Ali's jinns listen to the entire conversation of Zafar and Jinoo and report back to Ali.
August 22, 2019

S02E60 Jinoo Gets A Thought
Jinoo keeps on working on the orders of his master and he recruits few workers to complete the task. But in between that something awkward happens and the workers start running away from their work.
August 23, 2019

S02E61 Aladdin's Ghost
Ali goes on throughout Baghdad scaring some people like the ghost of Aladdin. Ali's friends help him by distracting Jinoo. Ali goes and scares Zafar till he trembles. Later he returns and discusses the entire story with his friends.
August 26, 2019

S02E62 Rukhsar Is Blamed
Jinoo comes to check on Ali at night and he gets away after a close call. On the other hand, Rukhsar is being blamed by the people for Aladdin's Ghost. Zafar, Jinoo, and Ali discuss the problems. The people from Yemen left the Golden Tower and will not work there.
August 27, 2019

S02E63 Gulbadan Is Promoted
Zafar appoints Gulbadan as the supervisor of the golden tower of Baghdad. Gulbadan is overwhelmed by this. Ali advises him to take along his family with him while supervising the tower tonight.
August 28, 2019

S02E64 Ali Scares The People Away
Rukhsar and Piddi talk about the hope that they have of the proper health and return of consciousness of Yasmine. They also see her hand move a little and are very happy. Zafar is upset by the news of Yasmine's possible return. On the other hand, Ali and his friends torment and terrorize the people who are going in search of the Golden Tower.
August 29, 2019

S02E65 Aladdin's Spirit
Gulbadan and his family see the spirit of Aladin in a room., They are highly terrified and Gulbadan tries talking to Aladdin but Aladdin accuses him of betrayal.
August 30, 2019

S02E66 Aladdin's Ghost Doesn't Rest
Ali is attacked by Jinoo and is unconscious but his friend comes and saves him. They return to the palace and they are happy that they fooled Jinoo. On the other hand, Baghdad is in unrest due to the doings of Aladdin's ghost. Zafar tries to encourage the people and tells them not to be afraid.
September 2, 2019

S02E67 Facing The Fear At The Golden Tower
Ali and Zafar go to the Golden Tower and want to see what is happening there. In Baghdad Bulbul Chacha and Anguthi Chhap scare the people personifying as Aladdin's ghost. In the Golden Tower, they all scare Zafar.
September 3, 2019

S02E68 Aladdin Gives Zafar A Beating
Zafar is beaten by Aladdin and at the same time, Aladdin asks him to bring Yasmine back to her consciousness. Jinoo comes to Zafar's rescue but Aladdin threatens him to kill Zafar.
September 4, 2019

S02E69 Yasmine Is Back
Aladdin's ghost blackmails Jinoo into getting Yasmine back to her consciousness. Aladdin's Ghost drops Zafar from far up in the air but at the nick of time Jinoo saves him. Yasmine remembers dreaming of Aladdin and then she meets Zafar and Ali.
September 5, 2019

S02E70 Ali's Game
Ali tells Yasmine about the Golden Tower and she gets angry. She orders Zafar to stop all the construction and to give her the financial data of all the expenditure. Yasmine is also sad and misses Aladdin. Ali plays a clever game.
September 6, 2019

S02E71 Aladdin And Yasmine
Ali's friends manipulate Jinoo and ensure that he will not be a hindrance in Ali's work. On the other hand, Yasmine asks Rukhsar Khala about Aladdin's ghost. Later at night, Aladdin's ghost comes to meet Yasmine and tells her the truth.
September 9, 2019

S02E72 Ultimate Threat To Zafar
Aladdin promises Yasmine to bring out the truth. He then goes to Zafar and scares him till he stutters. Zafar is asked to speak the truth. Aladdin and his friends have managed to keep Jinoo away and also to threaten Zafar. Jinoo however, comes to save Zafar.
September 10, 2019

S02E73 Yasmine's Doubt
Ali, Jinoo, and Yasmine come to check on Zafar. They talk for a while and Yasmine sees the blue mark on Ali's ear. She doubts the connection between Ali and Aladdin's ghost. Ali's friend also makes Zafar hallucinate.
September 11, 2019

S02E74 Nearing The Truth
Jinoo tries to protect Zafar from Aladdin's ghost and puts protective charms. However, Zafar treats him in a very bad manner. Anguthi and Ali go and try to trick Zafar into telling the truth and calls him. They also go and call Yasmine to know the truth.
September 12, 2019

S02E75 Ali's Mission
Ali along with his friends gets out to make his plan a success whereas, on the other side, Princess Yasmine tries her best to find the link between Aladdin's ghost and Ali. Terrified Zafar asks Jinoo to stay with him till Aladdin's ghost gets caught.
September 13, 2019

S02E76 An Open Confession
Yasmine wants to take Ali to the market where Aladdin's ghost has called her. She wants to be sure that Ali and Aladdin are two separate persons. Zafar comes to the market as well. Anguthi does his trick and shocks everyone. Jinoo cannot work his tricks against Anguthi.
September 16, 2019

S02E77 Aladdin Confesses To Yasmine
The shadow of Aladdin confesses the truth to Yasmine that he has not killed her father and also the love he has for her. Later while returning he gets encountered with his mother and both get emotional.
September 17, 2019

S02E78 Jinoo Speaks Up
Jinoo is frustrated with how Zafar treats him and he speaks up to him. Zafar is angry and wants to punish him. On the other hand, Yasmine is dreaming of Aladdin. Zafar forces Jinoo back into his lamp.
September 18, 2019

S02E79 Ali Wants To Rescue Jinoo
Ali learns about Jinoo's punishment and wants to rescue him. Zafar almost confesses to Ali about his crimes. Yasmine asks Alassin about the truth.
September 19, 2019

S02E80 Yasmine Learns The Truth
Aladdin tells Yasmine the truth about what happened that night. Yasmine partly believes it but she is also skeptical. Aladdin comes to see his mother sleep. Jinoo's lamp is not found and the others are in search of it.
September 20, 2019

S02E81 Yasmine's Questions To Zafar
Zafar talks to himself after getting drunk. Ali comes looking for Jinoo's Lamp and fails. Yasmine calls for Zafar and needs to ask him questions. Yasmine is starting to have doubts about Zafar's integrity. She interrogates him with trapping questions.
September 23, 2019

S02E82 Nazneen Gets The Truth Goggles
Anguthi tries to save Bulbul Chacha when the truth goggles fall off his bag. Nazneen takes it and escapes. Will the truth come before everyone? Zafar tells Ali about the conversation with Yasmine.
September 24, 2019

S02E83 Aladdin Coaxes Out The Truth
Aladdin purposely gets himself trapped in a net and instigates Zafar to tell the truth. Zafar comes clean and Anguthi's ring records everything. They also manage to get Jinoo's lamp and escapes with Aladdin and the ring.
September 25, 2019

S02E84 Aladdin's Plan To Expose Zafar
Aladdin threatens Zafar and escapes with the ring, Jinoo's lamp and returns to the palace. he has a little problem with the blue color on his body but that is managed. The truth giggles breaks and Ali is about to release Jinoo.
September 26, 2019

S02E85 The Revelation
The lamp with Ali is the duplicate lamp and they couldn't release Jinoo yet. Ali and his friends propagate the news that the truth will be revealed soon. Chachi comes up with a new evil trick.
September 27, 2019

S02E86 Aladdin's Ghost Haunts Zafar
Zafar is well known about the intentions of Aladdin's ghost and to escape the same, orders all the people to not show up outside the respective house after evening. On the other side, Aladdin as Ali plans for his success and to meet Yasmine before the confession.
September 30, 2019

S02E87 Execution Of The Plan
According to the plan, Aladdin gets ready to go in front of the people of Baghdad and confess his truth. But one of his self made team member arrives with a magic flute which can attract people to listen to his confession.
October 1, 2019

S02E88 Aladdin's Truth
Aladdin and his friends reach the place where he is about to confess. Zafar arrives in time and tries to defy that Aladdin's truth is a hoax but Yasmine asks him to stay away and requests the people to listen to Aladdin's truth for one last time.
October 2, 2019

S02E89 Aladdin's Failure
Aladdin was going to show the truth to all the people of Baghdad. At that time the ring from Anguthi starts to disfunction. Someone must have tampered with the ring's magic.
October 3, 2019

S02E90 Ruksar Gives Up
Aladdin gets disrespected by everyone. He is extremely sad and moreover, his mother also turns her back on him. He is helpless and leaves promising never to return.
October 4, 2019

S02E91 Gulbadan Tries To Save Aladdin
Jinoo tries to kill Aladdin on order from Zafar. Aladdin is in trouble and is hanging from a cliff. His friends are looking out for him. At that time Gulbadan, who knows the truth about Aladdin comes to help him.
October 7, 2019

S02E92 Gullu Learns Everything
Aladdin's brother, Gullu gets to know all the secrets about Aladdin. He gets to know about the Jinns. He also knows about magic and is a part of their gang now.
October 8, 2019

S02E93 Zafar's Leverage
Yasmine tries experimenting to find out the truth. On the other hand, Jinoo and Zafar discuss how they ensured the failure of Aladdin's plan. He also keeps Yasmine and Ruksar's lives as leverage against Aladdin.
October 9, 2019

S02E94 Yasmine Starts To Believe
Aladdin tells Zafar that he will go away to save his mother and his love. Aladdin comes to Yasmine to say goodbye. Yasmine tells him that she believes him and doesn't want him to go.
October 10, 2019

S02E95 Aladdin Prepares His Team
Aladdin talks to all his team members assembled to unmask Zafar. Later while discussing Gullu joins them and asks Aladdin to make him one of his team member so that he will be able to help them.
October 11, 2019

S02E96 Ruksar's Reminiscences
Ruksar is alone and misses his son, Aladdin. She remembers the times when she taught Aladdin the values of life. She has a bittersweet time reminiscing the memories. On the other hand, Jinoo is busy with something else.
October 14, 2019

S02E97 Yasmine Rattles The Facts
Yasmine learns that Junaid is Jinoo through the Truth Goggles. Thereafter, she starts rattling the facts that had happened the night her father died. She goes to the store and finds the fake beard used by Muchchar.
October 15, 2019

S02E98 Zafar Is Almost There
Yasmine digs deeper into the facts and gets to the Golden Tower. There she is stuck by the traps set by Jinoo. Jinoo and Zafar perform the ritual and they reach the gate. Zafar is very close to his dream.
October 16, 2019

S02E99 Face The Demon
Yasmine is in trouble but Ali and his friends save her and escape without being noticed. Zafar and Jinoo enter the gate and find trouble there. They see a demon so powerful that even Jinoo is scared.
October 17, 2019

S02E100 The Devil Is Released
Jinoo and Zafar meet the devil inside the gates. The devil tries to kill them but they escape. However, they leave the gates open when they left. The devil can leave the confinement now.
October 18, 2019

S02E101 The Hallucinating Smoke
After Zafar leaves the gates open and escapes, Iblis the demon escapes. From the gates, a certain smoke os released that makes everyone troubled. Ali, his friends, and even Zafar feel the effects.
October 21, 2019

S02E102 Yasmine Wants To Punish Zafar
Iblis is free and wants to poison the air. He wants to destroy Baghdad. Yasmine returns to her room to get her sword and goes on to kill Zafar. Aladdin tries to get to her before she leaves but fails. Aladdin and his friends go on to help Yasmine.
October 22, 2019

S02E103 Iblis Has A Weakness
Zafar and Jinoo try to get the key from Iblis but they fail. Ali is captured by Naznin but he escapes. Ali finds Yasmine and tries to stop her from killing Zafar just yet. The darkness and night is the weakness of Iblis.
October 23, 2019

S02E104 Yasmine Gets Aladdin Back
Ali is unable to speak due to speachless spell. Yasmine tries to kill him but at the nick of time, she realizes that it is none other than Aladdin who has been disguised as Ali for all this time. They are extremely happy and they want to punish Zafar together.
October 24, 2019

S02E105 Iblis Releases The Poison
Yasmine and Aladdin catch up on what happened all this time. Aladdin brings Yasmine to make her meet his friends. Iblis releases the poison into the water of Baghdad. It poisons the waterbodies in the city.
October 25, 2019

S02E106 Preparations To Prevent Danger
Aladdin, Yasmine, Aladdin's friends, and Gulbadan are together and they want to stop Zafar. They divide the responsibilities among themselves and get to work. They want to stop the poisoned water from contaminating all the water bodies.
October 28, 2019

S02E107 Aladdin Encounters Iblis
Aladdin goes to the main water source of Baghdad. He meets Iblis over there and Iblis starts attacking him. After a while, Aladdin understands the weakness that Iblis has and he escapes. Yasmine makes Zafar work.
October 29, 2019

S02E108 Exploiting Desperate People
Yasmine and Aladdin find out the truth about Iblis and also get the map to track him down. They now realize the true source of the poisoned water. On the other hand, Nazneen and her husband are exploiting desperate people and selling water to them.
October 30, 2019

S02E109 Sticking To The Plan
Nazneen is scared and she is stopped from doing wrong. On the other hand, Yasmine goes on to check up on Ruksar Khala. Aladdin gets a book that will help him to get rid of Iblis. They manage to get through with the plan.
October 31, 2019

S02E110 Decoding The Mystery
Aladdin and Yasmine try to decode the way to defeat Iblis with the help of the old book from the library. A few of the pages fly away and they retrieve them. Zafar carries on with his evil plans.
November 1, 2019

S02E111 Playing With Zafar's Mind
Yasmine and Aladdin pretend to not know each other and play the usual game. Aladdin poses as Ali and Yasmine treat him rudely. Zafar is caught in the storm and is confused.
November 4, 2019

S02E112 Yasmine's Prayer Brings Back Water
Yasmine, Aladdin, and Zafar go to the water source and the person with the cleanest soul has to pray for the water to come back. Yasmine prayer honestly and her prayer is heard. In a while, the source is full of water and the water starts to reach Baghdad. The water problem gets solved.
November 5, 2019

S02E113 Fighting Iblis Together
Zafar and Jinoo are already trying to kill Iblis but it is difficult for them. Aladdin, Yasmine, and their gang come up for their help. Together they try to end Iblis forever.
November 6, 2019

S02E114 Zafar Escapes With The Key
Aladdin and Zafar were stuck because Iblis had made Yasmine and Jinoo hostages. Aladdin throws water of Zamzam on Iblis and he dies. On the process, the water of Zamzam touches Jinoo as well and he is in pain. Zafar sees the chance and escapes with the key.
November 7, 2019

S02E115 Jinoo's Fight Within
Jinoo has a storm inside his mind. He keeps transitioning from the dark Jinoo to the good Jinoo. The process is very hard for him. On the other hand, Zafar opens the second gate.
November 8, 2019

S02E116 Zafar Warns Jinoo
Zafar is all set to reach the 2nd gate and unlock the same but Jinoo becomes trouble for him as he keeps on turning into a better Jinoo. Zafar scolds Jinoo and exploits him so that he can reach the gate as soon as possible. Aladdin sees the condition od Jinoo and gets worried.
November 11, 2019

S02E117 Ransacking The Treasure
Aladdin and his friends ransack the treasure box and try to find something that can help Jinoo's situation. At last, they find something that can help. Aladdin disguises himself as the doctor and goes on to check Jinoo's condition.
November 12, 2019

S02E118 Saving Jinoo From Zafar
Aladdin tries to get Nazneen and Zafar away while he tries to help Jinoo. Later Yasmine also comes to help him out. Zafar tries to get them away but Anguthi helps them to remain in the room.
November 13, 2019

S02E119 Jinoo Is Awake
Aladdin and Yasmine manage to get Nazneen as well as Zafar out of the room. Aladdin and his friends pray for Jinoo. later Aladdin puts the Moon-Stone on Jinoo's neck. Jinoo is in and out of conscience.
November 14, 2019

S02E120 The Moon Mark
Jinoo wakes up and the moon mark on his neck starts to work. Chacha tells Aladdin that it will take a long time for Jinoo to recover completely. Jinoo is shifting from the good one to the bad one.
November 15, 2019

S02E121 Jinoo Disobeys Zafar
Zafar mistreats Jinoo and ensures that he remains in his limits. Zafar even slaps Jinoo and orders him to open the second gate of Raaz-E-Kainat. Jinoo denies to follow the order and speaks up to Zafar.
November 18, 2019

S02E122 Prayers And Fasting
Chacha informs the people that the next night was a special night and if a person fasts for an entire day, he will be performing the Roza-e-Maafi. The person is forgiven of his or her sins. Apart from that someone close to him or her has to pray for the person as well. Aladdin plans to do this for Jinoo.
November 19, 2019

S02E123 Zafar Is The Hurdle
Aladdin's plan is working well as Jinoo starts to remember things from his past. Jinoo almost even confessed that he was only Shiek Jinoo but Zafar stopped him. Zafar is really troubled and wants to fix Jinoo's issue. Jinoo even remembers Yasmine from his past.
November 20, 2019

S02E124 Yasmine Makes Zafar Apologize
Yasmine forces Zafar to apologize to Ruksar Begum. Zafar is furious because he had to bend down and apologize to someone else. Jinoo is almost back to normal and Aladdin is ready to execute the plan to make him completely okay.
November 21, 2019

S02E125 Zafar Follows Instructions
Aladdin and his friends carry out the plan and prepare for the prayer session to get Jinoo well. Jinoo is occupied so that he cannot eat. On the other hand, Yasmine tells Zafar a few things and he has to follow those instructions.
November 22, 2019

S02E126 Rukhsar Saves The Day
Aladdin, Yasmine and the others are in a tight spot as they don't have anyone to pray for Jinoo. At the right time, Rukhsar comes in and tells Yasmine that she also wants to pray. This saves the entire plan from falling apart.
November 25, 2019

S02E127 A Rough Time For Jinoo
Zafar continues his search for Jinoo and finally spots him arranging flowers. As he gets closer to confronting him, he is blocked in the path by a few vendors. Will Zafar catch Jinoo?
November 26, 2019

S02E128 Yasmine Saves Aladdin
While Aladdin and his friends are worried about Jinoo falling in Ammi's sight, another shocker befalls Aladdin when Zafar confronts him out of nowhere. Will this be the end to their plans?
November 27, 2019

S02E129 Rukhsar's Courthouse Prayer
Ammi walks into the courthouse trembling with fear about performing the prayer to the Lord amidst a big crowd. But, Yasmine steps in and boosts her confidence by saying that she should only focus on praying to the almighty and not the people around. Will Ammi be able to get over her fear and perform the prayer?
November 28, 2019

S02E130 Yasmine Stands Up For Rukhsar
When Zafar uses the opportunity to further insult Rukhsar for having stopped the prayer midway and seeks permission to announce the same to the public, Yasmine stands up for her. Despite the public creating a ruckus, Yasmine says that Rukhsar will finish the prayer. Will she be able to do so?
November 29, 2019

S02E131 Jinoo Is Back
Rukhsar is fine and gets back to singing the hymns. Aladdin goes to look for Jinoo and finds that he has changed back completely into the old Jinoo that he used to know. Aladdin Is very happy and so is Jinoo.
December 2, 2019

S02E132 The Gang Reunites
Jinoo is back to his senses but his only sorrow is that Aladdin is not his master. Later the entire gang comes and finds out that Jinoo is fine. They all reunite and everyone is really happy. Zafar has bad days ahead of him.
December 3, 2019

S02E133 Jinoo Meets Rukhsar
Jinoo misses Rukhsar and at the right time, she comes in with his favorite dish. Jinoo enjoys her company as well as her food. He almost spills the beans but handles himself somehow. A banshee appears at the Golden Tower and reaches the second gate.
December 4, 2019

S02E134 Snowstorm Hits The City
While people were cured of the poisoned water, the city gets attacked by a snowstorm which decreases the temperature increasing the difficulty. People are struggling to find warmth and shelter which caused due to the opening of the second door of hell.
December 5, 2019

S02E135 Battle Of Brains
Aladdin and his gang are worried and are doing their best to stop the snowstorm. They are also worried that Zafar will command Jinoo to open the third gates of Raaz-e-Kainat. Zafar does the same and Aladdin tells Jinoo to show him who is more intelligent. Jinoo plays along with Zafar.
December 6, 2019

S02E136 The New Princess
Aladdin, Yasmine and Zafar reach the new kingdom and wants to find a solution to the snowstorm at Baghdad. They hide and get to the castle and later instead of being hostile, the hosts are welcoming. They get to know that either Aladdin or Zafar will now have to marry the Princess of that empire.
December 9, 2019

S02E137 Aladdin's New Game
The Sultana wants to marry Aladdin and not Zafar. Yasmine tries to wave her away but she is stubborn. Aladdin, on the other hand, accepts her proposal and is ready to marry her. However, this is a game that Aladdin is playing and tells the plan to Yasmine.
December 10, 2019

S02E138 Yasmine Is Jealous
Sultana Enters Aladdin's room while Yasmine was present beforehand and listens to them secretly. On the other hand, Sultana is happy that she is getting married to Aladdin and presents him with the outfit for Mehendi Ceremony. Later Yasmine Enters the room and denies Aladdin to wear the outfit.
December 11, 2019

S02E139 Sultana's Mehendi Ceremony With Aladdin
Aladdin reaches the function hall where everyone is waiting for him and Sultana to arrive, and just after few moments Sultana arrives and the Mehendi ceremony starts. Meanwhile, Yasmine interrupts the scene and tries her best to not let what is happening.
December 12, 2019

S02E140 Marriage Gets Preponed
Aladdin's and Sultana's marriage gets preponed and is about to happen two days earlier. Sultana is happy and excited about her marriage but Yasmine gets jealous. On the other hand, Aladdin knowing Zafar's evil intentions takes a step to rescue the kingdom.
December 13, 2019

S02E141 Fighting As A Team
Aladdin and Yasmine blame Zafar for preponing the marriage. Because he is the one who will benefit out of it. Aladdin and the Sultana entre the holy room for the marriage ceremony. At the same time, Zafar and Yasmine come as a team, to fight the soldiers and try entering the holy room.
December 16, 2019

S02E142 Zafar Gets What He Wants
Sultana releases the Aatish-e-Aftab and they all start praying to it. Zafar orders Jinoo to release poison gas and in the meanwhile, he escapes with the Aatish-e-Aftaab. Jinoo ensures that he escapes with all the others safely.
December 17, 2019

S02E143 Sultana Wishes The Very Best
The Sultana is furious on Aladdin and Yasmine. Later when she learns the truth she has a change of heart. She also admires Yasmine for being such a great Sultana of Baghdad. Zafar brings back the sun for Baghdad.
December 18, 2019

S02E144 Zafar Loses To Aladdin
Aladdin and Yasmine together save Baghdad from the snowstorm. Zafar forces Jinoo to open the last door of Raaz-e-Kainat and Jinoo has no option but to follow his orders. But Aladdin and Yasmine use the golden stone to stop Zafar.
December 19, 2019

S02E145 Jinoo Is Captured
Jinoo disobeys Zafar and as a result, Zafar captures Jinoo back in the lamp. Nazneen watches this and asks for this weird jewelry on Zafar. That jewelry eventually takes Zafar to much superior power.
December 20, 2019

S02E146 Zafar Brings Trouble Again
Aladdin and Yasmine are searching out for Jinoo as he is missing. On the other hand, Zafar seeks help from this mysterious woman to find Magician Malika. Zafar goes forward with a mirror that he receives. The man in the mirror gets permission to torture humans in return of help to find Magician Malika.
December 23, 2019

S02E147 Yasmine Accuses Zafar
Aladdin and Yasmine find out that Zafar had forced Jinoo to do the black magic because of which Baghdad is facing trouble. Meanwhile, green clouds are converting people into Pigeons. When Yasmine goes to Zafar to accuse him of the bad things happening, they realise Aladdin has become pigeon as well.
December 24, 2019

S02E148 Zafar Gets Questioned
Aladdin tries to help his Mother against the green clouds but he gets attacked and converts as a pigeon. Being a pigeon, Aladdin irritates Zafar and Yasmine questions, Zafar, about Jinoo and Zafar becomes speechless and later Jinoo is been called out from the Magic Lamp by Zafar.
December 25, 2019

S02E149 Aladdin's Problems As A Bird
Since Aladdin has become a bird, he is having a lot of problems. He wanted to see his mother and made Yasmine take him to her. Later he stops Jinoo and Yasmine to fight Zafar immediately as they wouldn't be able to harm him alone. Aladdin wants to get back to his own body soon.
December 26, 2019

S02E150 A Special Date Night
Yasmine and Aladdin are discussing keeping an eye on Zafar and on the other hand, Chacha and Anguthi are keeping Zafar busy. Later Aladdin and Yasmine see Jinoo and Jinie-Minie having a sweet moment. Yasmine also wants to have a special moment and Aladdin takes her on a special date.
December 27, 2019

S02E151 Turning Into Zombies
Nazneen starts to use the Magical Mirror that she finds. The Magical Mirror tricks her and takes away her soul. Later she becomes a zombie. The Magical Mirror wants more souls from Baghdad and plans to make this place one of living deads.
December 30, 2019

S02E152 Protecting Baghdad
Ali, Zafar and Yasmine plan on how to keep Baghdad safe. Aladdin almost loses his cool over Zafar and starts choking him. Aladdin and his gang plan on fixing the zombie problem. On the other hand, Gullu becomes a victim of Nazneen and turns into a zombie as well.
December 31, 2019

S02E153 The Army Of Zombies
Gullu tries to attack Aladdin but Jinoo saves him. They see that most of the people in Baghdad have turned into zombies. Aladdin also plans to follow the army of zombies in disguise. Jinoo helps in his disguise and Aladdin goes on with the crowd.
January 1, 2020

S02E154 Handling The Growing Trouble
Aladdin is among the zombies and has a narrow escape from being caught. A few of his friends are caught by Gullu after he wakes up and they are turned as well. Aladdin gets the Magic Mirror and escapes the zombie parade with the help of Anguthi Chhap.
January 2, 2020

S02E155 Yasmine Realises About Fake Confession
Anguthi chap gets emotional and confesses Jinoo that he had given him negative energy. Jinoo also confesses to Aladdin and Yasmine that he changed Yasmine's father's confession in Zafar's pressure. Jinoo reaches Zafar's house in search of the real confession.
January 3, 2020

S02E156 The Search Begins
Jinoo keeps the Magical Mirror trapped in his room so that he can't spill the secret about Aladdin to Zafar. As the Magical Mirror tries to break free from Jinoo's trap, Zafar also starts to search the palace for it. Meanwhile, Aladdin and Yasmine decide to find Jannat-e-Zameen to retrieve Noor-e-Taj.
January 6, 2020

S02E157 Solving The Puzzle
Aladdin and Yasmine set to solve the puzzles to reach Jannat-e-Zameen to retrieve Noor-e-Taj. Meanwhile, Jinoo hides the Magical Mirror from Zafar to unravel the truth. Aladdin and Yasmine reach to the doorstep of Jannat-e-Zameen.
January 7, 2020

S02E158 Close To Noor-e-Taaj
Aladdin and Yasmine on their way to find Noor-e-Taaj see a tree with fresh red apples, sooner, they find out it's an entrap of Shamsher. Who demands them to answer three questions correctly, which would lead to their freedom. Meanwhile, there's terror in Baghdad.
January 8, 2020

S02E159 Baghdad In Big Trouble
In Jannat-e-Zameen, Yasmine meets her great great grandmother who has been protecting the Noor-e-Taaz all this while. Yasmine enlightens her about what's happening in Baghdad and it's only Noor-e-Taaj which can stop all of it. Meanwhile in Baghdad Jinno drops the magical Mirror which Zafar has been searching for.
January 9, 2020

S02E160 Magic of Crown
Mirror reveals distorted truth to Zafar about his people cheating on him. Yasmine wears the crown and prays to save Baghdad. Crown does it magic and magical mirror breaks into pieces. Zafar is furious on his defeat. Once again Aladdin and Yasmine together win the battle.
January 10, 2020

S02E161 Sultana Of Baghdad
Yasmine wears the crown and prays to save Baghdad. Crown does it magic and magical mirror breaks into pieces. Once again Aladdin and Yasmine together win the battle and Yasmine becomes the SULTANA OF BAGDADH. Zafar is furious on his defeat.
January 13, 2020

S02E162 Daawat-E-Zafar
Yasmin and Aladdin are ecstatic at their win but know Zafar will do something big to avenge and they can’t oust him before they find Geenoo’s lamp from him. Aladdin traps Zafar into throwing a daawat for Yasmin, as he has a bigger plan up his sleeve. But Zafar is not the one to be left behind and he poisons Yasmin’s food she is going to start the daawat with. What is Aladdin’s big plan and with Yasmin’s life at stake will Zafar win with his plan?
January 14, 2020

S02E163 Zafar Ki Saazish
In the whole celebration as zafar is waiting for Yasmin to take the first bite, Chota jinoo starts eating the food first which makes ginoo angry as he is going with ali's plan to distract zafar and it leads to a funny food fight between everyone. A man realises that the Chandelier is about to drop on Yasmine.Will Aladdin able to save Yasmin? Kya Hai Zafar Ki Saazish?
January 15, 2020

S02E164 Aladdin Reveal's Zafar's Plan
While everyone thought that the chandelier falling was Zafar's Plan, but Aladdin reveals the fact & everyone is shocked. What did Aladdin revealed? Do he knew about Zafar's Saazish? What is Aladdin's next Mission?
January 16, 2020

S02E165 Zapped Zafar
Zafar is shocked to see his sister there and tells her that it was not his fault that the mirror has been destroyed and Zehar tells him then he needs to know who did. GB who had come to Zafars room earlier had left the bunch of pictures that he had clicked from the crowning ceremony and the daawat. In the series of events zehar and zafar gets to know that there needs to be someone who would have helped yasmine get the crown and zehar gets her hands on the photos left by GB there and she is shocked. She tells zafar that it is ali who is helping the sultana as per the photos and zafar is zapped to know the same. He takes an oath to get the truth out anyhow with porper proofs. What’s his next plan of action?
January 17, 2020

S02E166 Zafar's New Plan
After Zafar gets to know that Ali is somewhere involved in the failure of all his plans along with Yasmine, Zafar along with his sister plans to take advantage of his family/Toli to know the truth about him. On the other hand, Aladdin and Toli plan on taking some time of their own to think of a plan to get the lamp from Zafar. Zafar with the help of Chachi sends out a secret invitation from his “aqa” and asks them to meet him at a particular place separately. They all reach the place and are shocked to see each other there together. Zafar is planning a new Plan.
January 20, 2020

S02E167 Zafar Turns into Ali
Aladdin and Yasmine look for the toli and cannot find them. Yasmine tries to console him saying that they must be in their zones of thinking about the plan and should give them some more time. Zafar with the help of his sister convert into Ali as a disguise and play along with the toli. The toli meet Ali (Zafar) and they have a fun moment
January 21, 2020

S02E168 Jam-E-Behroopiya
Zafar goes to Ali’s Room to find 3 devices. Yasmine enters the room searching for Ali and notices Zafar’s shoes and as she removes the curtain, she sees Ali is standing behind. Zafar used the “jam-e-behroopiya” made by her sister. What happens when Behroopiya Ali (Zafar) & real Ali talk to each other in the room? Will Zafar get 3 devices?
January 22, 2020

S02E169 The Truth of Ali's Identity Comes Out
Vivaan finally makes Kaalpari and Bhyaar indulge in a heavy sword As Zafar gets the devices, with the help of her sister she unleashes the truth about their identity and all the jinns come to their jinn avatar and Zafar is shocked to see GOR alive. Zafar becomes hundred per cent confident that Ali is Aladdin now and Zafar along with zehar plan on a new trick wherein she creates a poisonous apple for Yasmine which will have only one way of getting out- the kiss of love. The truth of Ali's identity will soon come out through him saving his love. We end the episode where we see that the apple is consumed by Yasmine and Chachi tells Zafar and Aladdin to visit a cave which has a witch who can give them the antidote to the poison.
January 23, 2020

S02E170 Aladdin Vs Zafar
As Zafar and Aladdin reach the cave, the witch tells Aladdin about the kiss of love which is the only solution out of the problem. Zafar acts curious as to how will she ever be fine because the lover is dead already and Aladdin is furious. Aladdin and Zafar head back to the palace and Zafar pretends that he has been bitten by a snake and cannot leave with him. At the same time, Aladdin falls into a daldal and it seems that Aladdin is just about to get engulfed and through a beautiful scene of courage taking over all evil- we show Aladdin emerging as a hero. He reaches the palace in time and kisses Yasmine and with huge build-up we reveal Zafar standing right at the spot and laughs out. Aladdin and Zafar have a face-off wherein Aladdin says I do not fear your cowardness and I will prove your truth in front of everyone and Bagdadh with his lovers and sultanas help.
January 24, 2020

S02E171 Timnasa And Zafar's Collaboration
We start the crossover episode from this day. After the open challenge given by Aladdin to Zafar- Zafar plans on doing something really big through Jinoo. As Jinoo and Zafar talk about it, all of a sudden a portal appears out of nowhere and we see Timnasa and Bhaymar come out of it. They introduce themselves and Timnasa tells Zafar her plan of getting the 3 precious stones which will help her control the past present and future and she would need Jinoo for getting the same. They both conclude that Timnasa will leave Bhaymar to turn Bagdadh into a no man's land and Timnasa can take Jinoo with her till then. Timnasa along with Jinoo step into the future
January 27, 2020

S02E172 Zafar's Fatal Agenda
Aladdin and Yasmine think of what will be the next step of Zafar. Aladdin orders GB to get the pious thread for everyone in Bagdadh so that they can be away from all evil. Zafar is surprised seeing Bhaymaars power as he creates a magical snake woman- Nagini who has the power to convert anyone who looks into her eyes into a statue and she can take anyone's disguise. Zafar commands her to change into Yasmine. With the help of the jinns, he gets Yasmine kidnapped. Now Nagini in the roop of Yasmine gets with Aladdin and plans the destruction of everyone.
January 28, 2020

S02E173 Good Vs Evil
As we see Yasmine in the roop of Nagini, Aladdin and GB get the whole of Bagdadh in the underground hiding place. Nagini knows the secret place and Bhaymar is helping her with the plan constantly. They plan on making everyone turn into statues as soon as they get time. She tries it on Chachi- but she realises that the black dhaga that have been tied around everyone is restricting her from doing so. We also see Vivaan enter in the world of Bagdadh to inform Aladdin about Ginoo. Aladdin goes out of the cave for a while and Nagini in Yasmine's avatar gives everyone the orders to remove the black dhaga and just when they do it, she starts turning everyone into statues including GB. Vivaan and Aladdin meet and Vivaan tells Aladdin everything about Ginoo being in Kaal lok. Vivaan also tells Aladdin that there is a snake woman here who is turning everyone into statues and Aladdin is shocked to see most of the people in stone form as he comes back to the cave.
January 29, 2020

S02E174 Aladdin and Vivaan's Coalition
As Aladdin and Vivaan see the situation of the people underground he moves towards Ammi to see if she is okay and there are a hit and miss and Aladdin just manages to save Ammi from Yasmine (Nagini). She asks Ammi to hide at a secret place along with another woman. Vivaan and Aladdin through Bulbul chacha’s lab get hold of a been (flute) which they use to find out that Yasmine is Nagini itself and Aladdin is shocked to see the transformation. Vivaan tells him that they need to travel to the future to get Ginoo back and they get into the portal from where Vivaan came.
January 30, 2020

S02E175 Ateet Ki Jung
Zafar is successful in procuring all three of the time stones via Jinoo. Meanwhile, Baalveer travels back to the past Bagdad along with Aladdin and Jinoo. The heroic duo then fights Nagini and manages to turn her into the stone using a mirror. Then, Baalveer destroys the three stones and defeat Zafar. It is then Aladdin learns that Yasmine was never captured by Nagini, but she is in some another grave danger.
January 31, 2020

S02E176 Chachi Blinds Ammi
To Aladdin’s surprise, Zafar calls all three djinns to protect him. Chachi blinds Ammi with the Surma. After being told by Zafar that Ammi is in grave danger, Aladdin and Jinoo start looking for her.
February 3, 2020

S02E177 Zafar Challenges Aladdin
Aladdin and Jinoo finally find Ammi lying unconscious on the floor in her old house. They realize that Ammi has lost her eyesight due to some dark magical powers of the Surma. When Zafar openly challenges Aladdin from stopping him from meeting Malika, Aladdin goes to Omar’s old house looking for a solution in his study material.
February 4, 2020

S02E178 Aladdin Finds A Cure
While going through Omar’s written books, Aladdin overhears a few fakirs talking about a pious place outside Bagdad where angels listen to the prayers of the pure-hearted. Aladdin persuades the fakir to take him with them. This fills Aladdin with hope and he informs his mother, Rukhsaar, about the same. Rukhsaar is elated. Aladdin and Rukhsar then leave for the place on a cart.
February 5, 2020

S02E179 The Cunning Zafar
Aladdin, stays empty stomach but provides Ammi with all the nourishments. Zafar hatches an evil plan of making a potion to reach Mallika, that would need sacrificing the djinns. Though he would also need to get Yasmine to meet his evil ends, a quick start makes him happy for the moment.
February 6, 2020

S02E180 Aladdin Meets Omar
Despite Aladdin's persistence and prayers, Ammi does not get back her vision. Losing all hope, Aladdin is about to give up when to his disbelief, Omar, his long lost father, appears in the form of an angel to help him. Ammi, too, feels his presence. Omar blesses Ammi who then recovers and sees Omar.
February 7, 2020

S02E181 Aladdin’s Super Plan
Reunited Aladdin, Ammi and Jinoo plan their next step. Jinoo goes to Zafar. There, he sees Zeher for the first time. Zafar tells them that before the sacrifice he will have a grand celebration. Jinoo is shocked to learn that Zafar is going to sacrifice the three djinns after the celebration. Jinoo tells the same to Aladdin. This shocks him and he promises that he won’t let Zafar touch his djinns. Aladin informs Jinoo of his plan and asks him to meet him at his old house. Aladdin meets Bulbul Chacha, where he gets an invention, a cockroach. A camera is installed in that cockroach, which will help Aladdin in pinpointing the location of the djinns’ objects.
February 10, 2020

S02E182 Aladdin’s Quirky Plan
Aladdin makes a plan with Jinoo and GB. All of them disguise themselves as Female Dancers. When Jinoo and GB distract Zafar and Zeher with their charm, Aladdin asks the three Jinns to follow him to the other room. The cockroach shows them the location of the box with the objects. Aladdin and three Jinns take out the box but at the same time, GB’s wig also falls off. Will everyone know GB’s truth?
February 11, 2020

S02E183 The Battle For Djinns
Zafar identifies GB and shocks everyone. Aladdin, on the other hand, gets hold of the ring and summons CJ and once again, he becomes CJ’s master. Meanwhile, Zafar and Zeher find that all three Djinns are missing from their respective places. They rush towards the place where Zafar has kept the chest. Aladdin is about to summon JM, when Zafar enters the room and confronts Aladdin. A scuffle breaks out between them. In the end, Aladdin gets the bottle and succeeds in taking back the bottle. JM finally returns to Aladdin. Zafar is furious. He grabs the ring and asks Zeher the time of sacrifice. Zafar immediately blurts now. Zafar throws the ring into the potion and Go gets covered up in flames. Aladdin and team are shocked.
February 12, 2020

S02E184 Anghuti Chhaap Burns To Death
The moment the ring falls into the potion, Anghuti Chhaap gets covered in flames. His whole body starts burning. Aladdin his friends are saddened to see this. They have a very emotional moment. Aladdin and others say Aghuti Chhaap their last goodbye. Rukhsaar witnesses the last visual of a dying Anghuti Chhaap. Keeping her emotions in check Rukhsaar, and tells Aladdin and others that it’s time to fight to end Zafar’s story. When Zafar and Zeher reach there, Zafar realises that Aladdin has saved his mother. Zafar then reveals his next plan. He tells them the whole of Baghdad is waiting at the palace gates to question Ali’s identity, who apparently is Aladdin.
February 13, 2020

S02E185 Black Smoke Kidnaps Rukhsaar & Djinns
The day of the confrontation finally comes. Zafar gets Aladdin’s truth out in front of the people of Baghdad. Zafar also tells the masses that Aladdin’s entire family are of djinns. He says that Aladdin’s mother, Rukhsaar is the mastermind of the entire game, and alleges that whatever problems Baghdad faced, including Yasmine becoming a parrot, is because of Rukhsaar. Zafar’s provocative words anger the crowd. They start beating Aladdin and his gang. On the other hand, Yasmine somehow escapes from the cave. She then heads in the palace’s direction. However, before she can reach there, a black smoke engulfs everyone. Rukhsaar, JM and CJ get kidnapped. Only Aladdin and GB are left behind, fainting.
February 14, 2020

S02E186 Yasmine Fights Zafar And Zeher
Yasmine challenges Zafar to fight with her. Zafar agrees to do so. Both of them duel with their swords. After a spectacular swordfight, Yasmine corners Zafar and she is about to kill him, when suddenly Zeher charges in with her sword and throws Yasmine away. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Bulbul Chacha is the one who kidnapped Chand Changezi, Jinee-Minee abd Ammi from the Crowd. Aladdin and Gul Badhan meet with them as well. Bulbul Chacha tells everyone that it was Jinoo’s plan to save them. Aladdin promises Ammi that he will save Yasmine from Zafar. Aladdin, Chand Changezi and Jinee-Minee head out to save Yasmine. On the other hand, Zeher joins Zafar in the fight and she throws a magical potion on Yasmine which transforms her into a flower.
February 17, 2020

S02E187 Yasmine’s Condition Shocks Zafar
Zafar is surprised to see Yasmine turn into a rose. He is shocked by the power of the magical potion. He yells at Zeher and blames her for transforming Yasmine into a rose, as Yasmine is the only one person that could help Zafar reach Malika. On the other hand, Aladdin, Chand Changezi and Jinee-Minee reach the cave and notice that Yasmine is not present there. Aladdin realizes that Yasmine has freed herself and has gone to the Palace. When Aladdin reaches the palace, he notices that a lot of people have gathered around. Meanwhile, Zeher tells Zafar that Yasmine can be returned into her original self. When Zafar learns that Aladdin might come back to save Yasmine, he plans to publicly announce that Aladdin and his Jinns have turned Yasmine into a rose.
February 18, 2020

S02E188 Aladdin Gets The Rose
The people of Baghdad are searching for Aladdin and his genies. Aladdin and his genies find the location of the rose. It is in a garden. Aladdin wears the invisible cloak he got from Bulbul uncle to enter the garden. Aladdin successfully manages to obtain the rose but feels bad for Yasmine’s condition. That’s when Jinoo tells Aladdin that Yasmine can get back to her original form with the help of a seed of life located at Yunan. Meanwhile, Zeher also informs Zafar that seed of life can help him reach Mallika. Aladdin and Zafar separately, leave for Yunan to find the seed of life. Will they cross each other’s path on their way? Let's find out.
February 19, 2020

S02E189 Zafar Creates A Sandstorm
Zafar and Aladdin cross their paths in Yunan. Zafar notices Aladdin carrying the rose with him. Zafar tells Aladdin that he will never be able to reach the Seed of Life. Zafar creates a sandstorm with the help of Zeher’s magic. Aladdin and his team get stuck in the storm, while Zafar, Zehar and Jinoo march ahead towards the Seed of Life. The sandstorm creates a shock wave which causes the rose cage to fall off. At the same time, a huge rock falls on it. Jinoo on his way to the Seed of Life secretly stops the sandstorm with his magical powers and Aladdin and his team gets free from the storm. Aladdin uses all his might to remove the huge rock and rescues the rose aka Yasmine. Will Aladdin be able to reach the Seed of Life before Zafar does?
February 20, 2020

S02E190 The Maze - Aladdin
Zafar reaches a Maze. He enters the Maze alone leaving Jinoo and Zeher outside as no magic users are allowed inside the Maze. After a while, Aladdin and his team also reach the Maze. Aladdin then enters the Maze alone. Jinoo is happy to see Aladdin and his team. Jinoo, Chand Changezi and Jinee - Minee create magic to destroy Zeher’s magical potions. Meanwhile, Aladdin and Zafar reach the end of the Maze and they see the seed of life in front of them. As soon as they try to get the seed, a huge bull-man appears in front of them. How will Aladdin obtain the Seed of Life?
February 21, 2020

S02E191 Jinoo Is Exposed
Jinee-Minee and Chand Changezi destroy Zeher’s apparatus. Now, Zeher is unable to make to an important potion. Aladdin and Zafar are stopped by Khatral, the guardian of the seed. Zafar manages to escape Khatral and he runs toward the seed of life. Aladdin outsmarts Khatral and destroys him. He runs towards the seed of life as well. Aladdin manages to get past Zafar and reach the seed of life first. Meanwhile, Jinoo, Jinee-Minee and Chand Changezi are celebrating their victory. Zeher secretly notices them, she learns that Jinoo was never on their side. Zeher yells at Jinoo and slaps him, she is about to hurt Jinee-Minee when Jinoo turns into his warrior transformation and he flings Zeher Away. Later, it is shown that Zeher is lying down unconscious when Zafar tries to wake her up. She tells him the truth about Jinoo. What will Zafar do to Jinoo?
February 24, 2020

S02E192 Zafar Melts Jinoo’s Lamp?
Jinoo rejects to help Zafar in his ambition to reach Mallika even if it means death to him. Zafar and Zeher are surprised by Jinoo behaviour, but then they realize that Jinoo’s lamp will help them reach Mallika as she made the lamp herself. If Zafar and Zeher melt the lamp, it’s magical metal will open the gates to reach Mallika. After listening to their plan, Jinoo decides to inform Aladdin about it. Jinoo reaches Bulbul Chacha’s House and meets with Aladdin, but suddenly, his body starts burning and he is unable to speak as Zafar puts Jinoo’s lamp in the fire. How will Aladdin save Jinoo?
February 25, 2020

S02E193 Will Bulbul Uncle Save Jinoo?
Aladdin and his team cannot find any solution to Jinoo’s burning. So Aladdin asks Bulbul uncle for help. At the same time, Zafar and Zeher enjoy melting Jinoo’s Lamp. Aladdin’s mother pained at watching Jinoo burn, pours ice-cold water on him. It causes Jinoo to get a bit of relief but Zafar and Zeher then decide to melt his lamp in molten lava. Jinoo’s suffering grows higher. Meanwhile, Bulbul uncle discovers a device which can show the owner’s thoughts. He places the device on Jinoo’s head so that Aladdin and his team can get the location of Jinoo’s lamp. Will Jinoo show his lamp’s location to Aladdin in time?
February 26, 2020

S02E194 Zafar And Zeher Trap Aladdin
Bulbul Uncle’s invention fails as Zeher puts the lamp into the lava. Aladdin and company are now in a fix as to what to do. Jinoo starts throwing fireballs from his mouth, which start hitting everyone. Therefore, he leaves as he feels that he can hurt someone. Everyone is scared as Jinoo is in his djinn avatar and is spitting fireballs. Somehow, Aladdin and GB save Jinoo along with CJ and JM and move on to their next plan, i.e., Ammi. Ammi encourages Jinoo to think and tell them where the lamp is, or where Zafar and Zeher are. Finally, Jinoo takes the name of Zeher’s cave. While Ammi and others take care of Jinoo, Aladdin rushes towards the mentioned cave. Aladdin reaches there and manages to get the lamp out of the lava. Just then, Zeher opens a trap door for the lamp to fall down, so that no once can reach there. However, Aladdin uses his wit and jumps down. The trap door closes. Zafar and Zeher are on the upper floor, whereas Aladdin is below them with the lamp.
February 27, 2020

S02E195 Will Aladdin Find Jinoo’s Lamp?
After his fall, Aladdin finds himself in a room of mirrors. He finds the reflection of the lamp in each mirror. This confuses him and he wonders where the actual mirror is. Seeing no other way, Aladdin starts breaking the mirrors, but he fails in finding anything. Just then, Zafar also enters the same room. Meanwhile, Jinoo is still in flames. What will happen next? Will Aladdin succeed in getting the real lamp and saving Jinoo?
February 28, 2020

S02E196 Aladdin gets Jinoo’s Lamp
Jinoo’s lamp is still in the mirror maze. Aladdin and Zafar cross their swords against each other to obtain the lamp. After a while, Aladdin uses his wit to defeat Zafar and gets the lamp from him. Meanwhile, Jinoo on the verge of death is waiting for Aladdin to return. While Aladdin’s mother is concerned about him, Yasmine arrives at Bulbul Uncle’s house and tries to cheer Jinoo. Finally, Aladdin reaches Bulbul Uncle’s house and tells Jinoo that he has brought Jinoo’s lamp with him. Aladdin asks Jinoo to get back inside his lamp, but Jinoo fails to do so. After a lot of struggle, Jinoo returns to his lamp and becomes Aladdin’s genie again. In the end, Zafar gets furious at his defeat and tries to hurt himself, but Zeher notices this and tries to console him.
March 2, 2020

S02E197 Zafar On The Run
Aladdin and his team decide to catch Zafar, but Zafar and Zeher plan to run away to the Mucchad cave, as they think it is highly secure. Meanwhile, Yasmine interacts with the people of Baghdad. She announces a big celebration for her return and decides to expose Zafar in the same celebration. Later, Zafar and Zeher encounter two beggars on their way to the Mucchad cave. As one of the beggar’s accidentally pushes Zeher, she makes a big deal out of it. The furious beggars then start walking towards Zeher and Zafar menancingly. What will happen now?
March 3, 2020

S02E198 Aladdin Exposes Zafar
As all the beggars hurl up around Zafar and Zeher, it is revealed to be Aladdin’s plan to corner them along with Raees. On the other hand, Gulbadan is being followed by Aladdin's uncle and aunt to know where Zafar might have escaped. Later, Aladdin discloses the real identity of Mucchad in front of everyone as Zafar. Being exposed in front of everyone, how will Zafar run away from this situation now?
March 4, 2020

S02E199 Zafar Escapes
The palace is decorated for the celebrations of Jashn-e-fateh. Yasmine comes forward to give a speech. There, Zafar manages to disappear into thin air along with Zeher from the spot. Later, Aladdin asks Jinoo to teleport them to Zafar’s hideout. Will Aladdin be able to track down Zafar?
March 5, 2020

S02E200 Queen Yasmine’s Judgement
Aladdin gets hold of Zafar and drags him in front of the entire Baghdad. Yasmine tells everyone about Aladdin’s innocence and Zafar’s misdeeds including that of killing their king as well. After showing the whole evidence, Queen Yasmine announces a death sentence for Zafar, while Zeher is imprisoned.
March 6, 2020

S02E201 Zeher Hopes To Escape
As Zafar is given a death sentence, Aladdin's mother tells Aladdin and Jasmine that humans have no right to take away anybody else's life. Hence, they give Zafar life imprisonment in a strict jail and decide to keep Zeher in Baghdad. As Aladdin and Toli rejoice in the victory of the palace, Zeher thinks of a way to get out of the jail. Zeher notices that the bangles have gone black indicating the para to be active. She is hopeful of Malika coming to life.
March 9, 2020

S02E202 Zeher Finds Aladdin’s Lamp
In order to stop Zafar from being taken to the jail, Zeher manages to run away. Meanwhile, Rukhsaar is spending some lone time, when Zeher hits her on her hand. Later, Zeher enters the palace and finds Aladdin’s lamp. What will happen now?
March 10, 2020

S02E203 Para’s Life In Danger?
Zeher leaves to free Zafar after she manages to get Para. Later, Aladdin finds the lamp and Jinoo realises that Para is missing. Meanwhile, Zeher succeeds to free Zafar, and they decide to drop Para in the volcano. What will happen now?
March 11, 2020

S02E204 Aladdin Corners Zafar
Aladdin comes and rescues ‘para’ as Zafar and Zeher throw it into the lava. Yasmine and Zeher fight. This is Yasmine’s ploy to keep Zeher away from Zafar. Zafar and Aladdin fight at the other end of the cave and Zafar manage to take back ‘para’. Zafar reaches a dead-end hence has nowhere else to go and decides to fall with the ‘para'. The ‘para' goes into the lava and Zafar dies. At the same time, Malika turns from a stone into human form.
March 12, 2020

S02E205 Baghdad In Danger Again?
Malika is about to step outside the portal but Jinoo uses his power and closes the portal at the last moment. Aladdin, Yasmine and Jinoo celebrate their victory over successful stopping Malika from entering. But they're mistaken as Malika's face appears in the sky.
March 13, 2020

S02E206 Will Yasmine Accept Aladdin’s Proposal?
Baghdad is celebrating Jashn-e-Dilbar, the festival of love. Mallika enters Baghdad and starts following Aladdin. Later, Aladdin proposes to Yasmine. Will she accept?
March 16, 2020

S02E207 Malika Takes a Disguise!
Malika pretends to be Yasmine’s aunt and writes to her, informing about her visit to Baghdad. She states that her kingdom was destroyed in an earthquake and that’s the reason for her visit. Yasmine requests Aladdin to receive her. Aladdin and Jingoo go to receive the aunt, who’s actually Malika in disguise.
March 17, 2020

S02E208 Malika and Aladdin Enter the Palace
Malika and Aladdin enter the palace. JM and Yasmine are having a conversation when a glass vase breaks and JM believes it to be a bad omen. Meanwhile, Jinoo and other genies realise that their magic has suddenly stopped working.
March 18, 2020

S02E209 Mallika Impersonates Yasmine’s Aunt
Upon reaching the palace, Yasmine enquires with Aladdin about her aunt. She reminds him that he had to fetch her. Aladdin clarifies that she never turned up. Yasmine criticises her aunt. But Mallika, pretending to be the aunt, overhears Yasmine and comes face-to-face with her.
March 19, 2020

S02E210 Malika’s Truth Revealed?
While on the palace tour with Aladdin and Yasmine, Malika senses that something is off. When she reaches the kitchen, she finds out that JM and CJ are performing magic in their genie form. Malika is totally shocked.
March 20, 2020

S02E211 Malika’s Sudden Announcement
Malika knows the advantages that Aladdin has because of his three genies and a magic carpet. She knows that she needs to be in his good books. During dinner, Malika announces the engagement of Aladdin and Yasmine. Everybody is surprised by this sudden announcement.
March 23, 2020

S02E212 Malika’s Hidden Motive
The engagement preparations are in full swing. Malika has a hidden motive behind getting Aladdin and Yasmine engaged. She reveals this hidden motive, which is to destroy the world using an instrument.
March 24, 2020

S02E213 Malika Faces A Hurdle
Malika requires a dagger in order to put her plan in action. Malika can use this dagger to make a genie tonic which can be used to turn people into genies. Malika currently has only one of the genie tonics remaining. So, she requires the dagger to make some more of it. But there is one person stopping her from actualizing her plan.
March 25, 2020

S02E214 The Dagger Thief
When Malika tells her story about the missing dagger, she reveals that the one who stole her dagger is from Baghdad as he had Baghdad’s badge on him.
March 26, 2020

S02E215 Malika Hunts For The Correct Key
Malika is in search of the correct key that will bring her closer to finding the dagger. She uses her powers to summon all the keys to her room, after which all the people of Baghdad cannot find their keys. Aladdin is confused as to how everybody cannot find their keys in Baghdad. Aladdin and CJ enter Malika’s room as Malika is looking for the correct key in her room. What will happen next?
March 27, 2020

S02E216 The Engagement
Ruksaar and Gulbadan decorate the whole palace for Aladdin and Yasmine’s engagement. On the other hand, Aladdin struggles to find the perfect gift for Yasmine, but he ends up getting his mother’s beautiful bangle for her. As Aladdin and Yasmine rekindle their love, Malika hatches a plan to take over Baghdad after Zafar's death. What will happen now?
July 13, 2020

S02E217 When Blessings Count
It's the day of the ring ceremony. The bride and the groom get ready for the big event. Just then, Ammi announces the arrival of a revered guest. Who is this guest that Ammi has invited? Why did Ammi invite the guest?
July 14, 2020

S02E218 For Ammi's Sake
Aladdin is all set to swear on his mother as desired by Malika. But he stops just in time. Something catches his attention. What could it be that stops him from swearing? What will Malika do to make him do as she wants?
July 15, 2020

S02E219 Back To Normal?
Ammi is no longer her usual self. She has turned into a Jinn. Witnessing this shocking happening, Aladdin makes a promise. What is that promise? Does Aladdin have the time on his side or has the countdown begun?
July 16, 2020

S02E220 Ruins of Baltish
Aladdin, accompanied by Anghuti Chhaap, set about their journey to the old world of Baltish. Aladdin is in search of a person who can provide him with a magic potion. Who is the person in question? Will Aladdin be successful in getting the magic potion?
July 17, 2020

S02E221 The Prison Cell
Aladdin fights with Malika and ends up into a prison cell where all the prisoners are curious to know what is happening. Later, Aladdin realizes Malika is hiding something behind the cells.
July 20, 2020

S02E222 Aladdin Suspects
Aladdin is still in the prison cell and find out a new prisoner and suspects him to be Zafar.
July 21, 2020

S02E223 Aladdin Falls On His Knees
Aladdin conveys Malika that he has failed and she gives him an impossible task. A task to get the magical sword. Aladdin plans on killing Malika with the same sword.
July 22, 2020

S02E224 Magical Fruit
Aladdin, Genie, and Faraz reach their destination there comes a task in front of them. Mystical and magical jungle full of magical fruits. Genie enjoys a magical fruit.
July 23, 2020

S02E225 Aladdin And The Monster
Aladdin comes across a massive and horrifying monster but he does not feel scared at all, instead, he tries to make fun of the monster.
July 24, 2020

S02E226 Aladdin Is Back To Normal
Aladdin becomes normal again as he is attacked by a Silver object by Faraz. Aladdin finds Khanjar with the help of the sun and the moon.
July 27, 2020

S02E227 Aladdin makes a deal with Malika
Malika wants the first part of the khanjar but Aladdin wants to strike a deal with her. Will Malika accept Aladdin's proposal?
July 28, 2020

S02E228 Aladdin Meets His Father
Aladdin's father comes finding Ruxaar but he ends up meeting Aladdin and Yasmine. Aladdin is shocked by seeing his father. Father asks Aladdin about his mother.
July 29, 2020

S02E229 Finding Abbu
Aladdin starts finding his father as he goes missing. Zafar and Yasmine are helping Aladdin in finding his Father. Aladdin thoughts to search in his mother's room.
July 30, 2020

S02E230 Aladdin gets a clue
Aladdin finds a clue in the mysterious book that might take him to the second part of the Khanjar.
July 31, 2020

S02E231 Visiting Sultana
Aladdin and Yasmine visit Sultana and realize she is a cat. Aladdin and Yasmine seem terrified by the visuals but then the reality is such that the cat is queen.
August 3, 2020

S02E232 Aladdin turned into a Cat
Tamanna turns Aladdin into a Cat. He asks Tamanna to help find the answer to the riddle that might take him to the second part of the Khanjar.
August 4, 2020

S02E233 Burning Palace
Yasmine is figuring out ways to convert cats into humans. Before she knows, The palace is going to burn in an hour. Sultana cat suggests her a way out.
August 5, 2020

S02E234 Farzaz Is Clever
Faraaz pretends in front of the guards who all are thinking that they have managed to capture him, but Faraaz makes his move the moment he gets a chance.
August 6, 2020

S02E235 Aladdin Is Out On A Mission
Aladdin along with Angutha Chhaap is out on a mission and is in search of an important thing. They rest the night in a desert and wait for the morning to arrive so they can continue with their mission.
August 7, 2020

S02E236 Aladdin Is In Puppet Land
Aladdin and Faraz head towards the puppet land. However, the journey won't be an easy one for him as the leader of the puppet land has set his eyes on Aladdin. Will Aladdin be able to survive in the puppet land?
August 10, 2020

S02E237 Aladdin Is Trapped
Aladdin and Faraz are stuck in the puppet land. They got trapped while executing their plan. Aladdin is trying his best to figure an escape plan while Faraz is trying to stand straight in front of the enemy.
August 11, 2020

S02E238 Requesting For The Sword
Aladdin meets his father and asks for the magical sword. Aladdin's father is curious about how Aladdin is breathing in that place. Father denies giving the sword.
August 12, 2020

S02E239 Mission accomplished
Aladdin finally get his hand on the third part of the Khanjar. After getting the dagger Aladdin reaches Bhagdad and fights Malika. But who'll prevail in the collision?
August 13, 2020

S02E240 A Dark Secret
Aladdin traps Malika with his weapon but Malika doesn't seem bothered by it. She enjoys as she watches the smoke surrounding Aladdin's hand. When released Faraz cares to ask her the reason behind her happiness.
August 14, 2020

S02E241 The Evil Power
Evil power has completely taken over Aladdin and is making him suffer a lot, while his mother and Yasmine claims that they won't let anything happen to him.
August 17, 2020

S02E242 Victorious Aladdin
Aladdin celebrates his victory as he gets his hands on the Khanjar. He also gets his mother, Rukhsaar out of trouble by saving her life.
August 18, 2020

S02E243 Zehar And Zafar Team Up
Zehar team up with Zafar and Aladdin and Yasmine are left speechless when they realize it. Aladdin has a new obstacle to overcome.
August 19, 2020

S02E244 Zafar Gains Immense Power
Zafar goes against Aladdin, and gains immense power from the Khanjar. Aladdin, Yasmine, Ammi, and Angutha Chhap stand helpless watching Zafar gain all the evil power.
August 20, 2020

S02E245 The Toxic Plan
Baghdad has been attacked and many people got injured and everyone is terrified by the act. Aladdin and Jinu run to the rescue. Meanwhile, Zehar is preparing poison with Zafar.
August 21, 2020

S02E246 Aladdin's Promise
Ammi talks about Anguti Chap and Abbu to Aladdin saying life has turned into darkness. Aladdin promises Ammi and Yasmine that he will return back.
August 24, 2020

S02E247 Jinu Gets Emotional
Aladdin and Jinu argue and Aladdin walks out making Jinu emotional. Emotional Jinnu stands there shedding tears thinking about their promise.
August 25, 2020

S02E248 Aladdin in the devils land
Aladdin wants to save her father and for that he needs to get hold of the trunk. The trunk however, is guarded by a deadly creature. Can Aladdin defeat him and save his father?
August 26, 2020

S02E249 Magical Stone
Aladdin and Yasmine are desperately looking for a magical stone. The two get astonished when they see the stone flying.
August 27, 2020

S02E250 Destiny has it's own say
Omar pushes Yasmene and Aladdin into the lava to stop Zafar. The very same moment two babies are born far away. What's the relation between the two?
August 28, 2020

S03E01 Aladdin's Entry
The couples were deceased 18 years ago. Who are reborn as Aladdin and Yasmine in the city of Turkestan. Where there is the existence of evil, that's when Aladdin walks in.
August 31, 2020

S03E02 Yasmine's New Plan
Abba sends Aladdin to find Kaala Chor and to get back as new Aladdin. Aladdin is confused and talks to his horse Bhaktawar regarding the same. Meanwhile, Yasmine is all set for her new plan.
September 1, 2020

S03E03 Plan To Catch Kaala Chor
Aladdin thinks about the Kaala Chor and realizes that to catch her he needs to be faster than her. Thinks when he will catch her, he would never want to leave her.
September 2, 2020

S03E04 Zafar's Loyal Pet
Aladdin's mom walks into the room and finds a cat sitting on the table. She tries to scare the cat but it turns out to be Zafar's pet, Khalibali. Aladdin's mother asks him about the purpose of his visit and gets a shocking answer.
September 3, 2020

S03E05 Aladdin Finds Out Who She Is
Aladdin finds out that the girl whom he has been fighting all this while, it no one else but Yasmine her self. This fact has left him shocked.
September 4, 2020

S03E06 The Punishment
Aladdin and Yasmine get punishment by Abbu because of their mistakes. They will have to leave Turkistan but Aladdin strictly deny his father.
September 7, 2020

S03E07 Entering Baghdad
Aladdin and Yasmine are thrown out of the Turkistan. A Baba guides Aladdin and Yasmine to Baghdad. Where he hears about King Zafar.
September 8, 2020

S03E08 The True Heir
Aladdin and Sultana Yasmine find the Chirag. But they have to be true heir to touch it. Who will be the true heir to it, Aladdin or Yasmine?
September 9, 2020

S03E09 Aladdin Is Surprised
Aladdin and Yasmine are surprised to see Jinoo out of nowhere. Aladdin has only heard stories about him from his father when was just a kid.
September 10, 2020

S03E10 Jinoo's Magical Powers
Aladdin gets super excited as Jinoo shows him his amazing and unbelievable magical powers and introduces him to the magic carpet which flies and can take him from one place to another at any time.
September 11, 2020

S03E11 Aladdin Sees His Mother
Aladdin and his mother come across each other at the market. Upon seeing each other, they stop and then realize that the bag of lemons has fallen down.
September 14, 2020

S03E12 A Deal
Aladdin finds out that his magical lamp has been stolen. Upon realising it, he thinks of who all must have it and goes in search of them. He catches the thieves red handed and a deal is struck between them.
September 15, 2020

S03E13 The Great Obstacle
Aladdin tries to enter the palace but there is a block ahead. Jinnu tries his magic trick to disable the block but doesn't succeed.
September 16, 2020

S03E14 Yasmine’s Sensual Dance
It is the day of the competition in Baghdad. Aladdin and toli are all set to get the Taaj that day. As per plan, Yasmine plans for a sensual dance to confuse Zafar so that they can inch closer to the Taaj. As luck would have it, by the end of the performance, she trips, hits her head and faints. Although Aladdin and Jinoo manage to whisk her out from there, they now need to come up with a better plan. Will they get another chance?
September 17, 2020

S03E15 The Locket
Jinoo turns the girl in a locket and puts it across Aladdin's neck. Aladdin says that it is a new worry when Jinoo teases him. Meanwhile, Zafar'smean try to chase down Aladdin.
September 18, 2020

S03E16 The Tense Moment
Zafar catches hold of Aladdin and Yasmine at the event. However, he finds something missing about them. Aladdin tells Zafar that he is a prince from a far off land. Will Zafar be able to understand what is going on?
September 21, 2020

S03E17 Is Aladdin Courageous Enough?
Aladdin is fighting with Jinoo by his side. The opponent tells him to be brave and fight without any magic. Seeing his overconfidence, Aladdin is amazed.
September 22, 2020

S03E18 Aladdin Will Get One Chance
Angoothi Jinn is worried about the Aladdin and Yasmine being fake. He tries to calm himself down when the Begum says that they will get only one chance to prove themselves.
September 23, 2020

S03E19 Chatar Patar's Help
Yasmine is trying to talk to Chatar Patar about boys being wried when Chatar Patar tells her that while she is busy thinking about boys, he tried gathering some information about Zafar but people in Bagdhad are too scared to talk about him.
September 24, 2020

S03E20 The Thief
Rukshar is heading towards Sultan's room. A disguised person appears in front of her and pulls out a bangle from Rukshar's hand and runs away. On the other hand, Aladdin has a dream about his mother.
September 25, 2020

S03E21 Yasmine And Aladdin's Fight
Yasmine and Aladdin are fighting over something petty when he saves Yasmine from getting hurt. However, with Shifan around, will he let Aladdin win?
September 28, 2020

S03E22 The Scary Night
Aladdin is in the jungle with others when they encounter spooky incidents which scare Aladdin. Aladdin is questioned by his followers that how is he scared being a prince.
September 29, 2020

S03E23 The Fake Care
Aladdin comes to see Yasmine and her wound. They stumble upon the topic of the previous night. As Yasmine's brother asks them not to talk about it, Jinoo comes in the room. Aladdin asks Yasmine about her wounds and she asks Aladdin to save the fake love for others.
September 30, 2020

S03E24 What Is Aladdin Trying To Say?
Mehzabeen is trying to take Aladdin somewhere. She tells him to not move an inch as she is coming back. Aladdin tries to say something to the people following him but Yasmine is not able to comprehend it. She tells Jinoo to help.
October 1, 2020

S03E25 The Wrong Direction
As Yasmine and Shifan try to chase the sound of a beating heart, they run into a dead-end where Yasmine's brother tells them that they are going in a wrong direction and that they are going nowhere.
October 2, 2020

S03E26 Will Aladdin Help Shifan?
As the mummy gets closer and closer, the gang is scared and Yasmine is thinking of ways to save Shifan. Aladdin bumps into her and tells her to find a spot to hide. She tells him she will not abandon Shifan and that they must save him at any cost.
October 5, 2020

S03E27 Aladdin Saves Shifan
As Nazarbattu catches hold of Shifan, everyone is scared and does not know what to do. As Mehzabeen sits there and enjoys what is happening, Aladdin decides to sing a song to make Nazarbattu fall asleep. He is successful in doing so and runs away saving everyone.
October 6, 2020

S03E28 The Walking Hand
The gang goes near the unnamed room and get scared. When Jinoo asks Aladdin if he was scared, he denies it and tells them that he was just surveying the things around him. They then discuss about the walking hand. Aladdin tells them that they have to first understand if it is a human hand or something else.
October 7, 2020

S03E29 Jinoo Is Kidnapped
Jinoo is with Aladdin and sees the hand in front of him. He tries turning away and screaming but the hand shuts Jinoo's mouth. As the hand kidnaps Jinoo, Aladdin is left alone. He does not understand the mysterious disappearings and is trying to search them when Mehzabeen warns him to save his life.
October 8, 2020

S03E30 The Attack
Aladdin reaches the spot he thinks he will find Yasmine at. He sees that Yasmine is approaching the Hand and sees that she is in danger. Just as he tries to stop her, the Hand attacks her and she disappears.
October 9, 2020

S03E31 Owner Of The Hand
Aladdin and his gang are locked up in the room by the hand when someone comes in and asks the hand does he not remember the owner. The hand drops the weapon in hand and Aladdin gets to know the owner of the hand.
October 12, 2020

S03E32 Aladdin's Punishment
Aladdin faces Ammi after he cheats. He and Sifan both are blamed for being stupid in their conducts. Ammi is upset and furious with whatever happens and catches hold of Aladdin's hand and throws him out. No amount of convincing is enough for her as she tells Aladdin to not set a foot in her academy again. Shifan gets happy as everyone else has tears on their eyes.
October 13, 2020

S03E33 Yasmine's Impatience
Yasmine is looking at the sword. She tells Chatar Patar that somehow the sword looks familiar. She tells him that it is strange how she feels connected to it. When Chatar Patar asks her about why is she impatient, she tells that it is all because of Aladdin's failure.
October 14, 2020

S03E34 Shefan Upturns Aladdin's Mehnat
Aladdin, after accepting Ammi's challenge of independently earning money, has found a job in a brick factory. With a lot of effort, he starts making the bricks. However, just as he is about to stack the bricks inside the furnace, Shefan spills water on them, letting Aladdin's work go in vain. Shefan has further plans of causing trouble to Aladdin & Yasmine. What is Shefan upto?
October 15, 2020

S03E35 The Feelings Are Mutual
Aladdin very sweetly flirts with Chorni and tells her that she is the first-ever thief that he has come across who is completely different. The Chorni also reciprocates the same way while Jinoo stares and smiles softly.
October 16, 2020

S03E36 Ammi Doesn't Believe Aladdin
Shifan and his men are beating up Aladdin when he realises that someone is coming as he hears the footsteps. He tells his men to rush and covers up his face so as to keep his identity a secret. As Ammi comes, Aladdin tells her that he worked really hard for two days and got double the money that he had promised her. When Ammi does not believe, Aladdin is shocked.
October 19, 2020

S03E37 Yasmine Steps In A Trap
Aladdin and Jino walk out of the trap and sees Yasmine struggling to survive. Aladdin is helpless. Will Yasmine be able to get out of the trap?
October 20, 2020

S03E38 The Question
As Aladdin and Jinoo walk in to find Ammi. As Jinoo asks Aladdin if he is sure that he wants to go find her, he tells Jinoo that he feels that there is some connection that he feels with the land and people. They come across Yasmine and she tells them that she changed her mind.
October 21, 2020

S03E39 The Breakdown
Aladdin leaves the place when Ammi refuses to talk properly to him. He has a breakdown and asks Jinoo what has he done so bad that Ammi wouldn't talk to him. He asks Jinoo of he is really that bad a person. He tells Jinoo that all he sees in Ammi is his mother and all she sees is the negatives.
October 22, 2020

S03E40 The Forgivness
As Zafar is taking the attendance and is about to start the class, Shifan rushes in to enter. Shifan is visibly scared and asks for forgiveness. Zafar gives him a disgusted and an angry look. Just as Zafar is about to punish him, Ammi tells him that he does not need to punish him as Shifan was with her serving food to the children. Zafar forgives them.
October 23, 2020

S03E41 A New Test
Aladdin is stranded with a demon. As balls of fire come his way and he dodges them off, he tells the demon that if he is done laughing, he should show his face as well. The demon shows his face and Aladdin gets more and more afraid of him.
October 26, 2020

S03E42 Aladdin Catches Shifan
Aladdin catches Shifan and tells him that he is well aware of what Shifan is trying to do and that he now knows how Shifan is tricking Yasmine into believing what he tells as the truth. He also tells him that the actual Gold bangles are not the ones that he has stolen.
October 27, 2020

S03E43 Aladdin's Past Rekindled
While Aladdin is struggling with the mystery of the old dupatta and kangan, he realises it belongs to Rukhsar Begum. He decides to go back to the house as he feels an unknown connection with its past. Soon, he gets puzzled by a picture found in the house as a part of the portrait of Rukhsaar Ammi. Whose picture is it and where are these clues trying to take Aladdin?
October 28, 2020

S03E44 Aladdin Passes the Test
Aladdin passes the first test by Zafar. Zafar is sure that he will pass it as he has all the qualities of the old Aladdin. He decides that it is time for him to train Aladdin and he tells Aladdin that he is proud of him. He is happy that he has found the person who can go and steal the Kala Chirag.
October 29, 2020

S03E45 No Backing Out Now
Aladdin tells Jinoo that he now is starting to have a clear picture of things. He tells Jinoo that he feels the connect with the bracelet he got. He tells Jinoo that now that they have gotten so far, they cannot back out.
October 30, 2020

S03E46 Crossing The Lava
As Aladdin and Jinoo go to get the ash that they need, they come across a new challenge. The guard tells them that they can have the ash only if they can walk over the lava. With this being the situation, Aladdin tells that he will cross the lava and takes off his shoes.
November 2, 2020

S03E47 Aladdin Tries To Find All The Kids
Aladdin and Jinoo tries to find all the kids but they do not see them anywhere. On the other hand, Ruksar Begum is extremely worried about Aladdin as Zafar has threatened to harm him as well as all the kids. Watch to find out more.
November 3, 2020

S03E48 Aladdin Escapes The Talimghar
Aladdin is desperately trying to find the woman. He is thankful that he escaped the Talimghar but he knows that he does not have a lot of time. As he tries to find the woman, he gets attacked.
November 4, 2020

S03E49 Aladdin's Cry For Help
Aladdin is in the room tied up and crying for help. As he is screaming and crying out for help, Badi Begam realises that if he keeps making noise, Zafar will know. She knows that she must take an action quickly. She goes inside with the veil on her face and ties Aladdin's mouth.
November 5, 2020

S03E50 Will Rukhsar Be Affected?
Aladdin comes out and decides to search for the women that he is looking for earlier. However, as he goes out, he sees that there is something burning. He then realises that the building is on fire. Zafar is happy and tells his sister that it will soon finish off Rukhsar.
November 6, 2020

S03E51 Aladdin Remembers Ammi
As Ammi is not moving, Aladdin remembers the connection he has with her. He remembers the moments of joy and pain that they spent. He remembers the care that she had for him and mourns her death.
November 9, 2020

S03E52 Zafar Is Up To No Good
Zafar is up to no good and is hatching a plan on how to harm and get rid of Aladdin forever. Later, Aladdin arrives at his palace and confronts him.
November 10, 2020

S03E53 Aladdin And Kali Chor Fight Each Other
Aladdin and Kali Chor fight each other badly. Later, Aladdin gets hold of her and confronts her asking why is she doing all this and what does she exactly wants to know from him.
November 11, 2020

S03E54 Aladdin Gets Lost In His Thoughts
Aladdin gets a bit lost in his thoughts and visualizes that his mother is dying in his arms and he is screaming helplessly and then suddenly he comes back to reality and sees that his mother is right in front of him.
November 12, 2020

S03E55 Throwing Knives
Zafar stands in confidence and watches Aladdin's skill at throwing knives. If Aladdin misses the right spot by mistake, then the person at the wheel can die.
November 13, 2020

S03E56 Aladdin's Game Has Begun
Ammi thinks that Aladdin is not a good soul to be around, because of his proximity to Zafar. Aladdin, on the other hand, is only faking his support to Zafar for acquiring the Kala Chirag. His real intention is to seek revenge from the evil Sultaan. Watch the drama that unfolds, as Aladdin defeats Zafar in a game of chess and very smartly extracts information about the Kala Chirag.
November 16, 2020

S03E57 The Love For Sandalwood
As Aladdin gets to know the reality of Zafar and him being an imposter, he decides to play with Zafar by not letting him know about Aladdin's knowledge. As Zafar asks Aladdin what is to be done, he tells Zafar that Jins are very fond of sandalwood and that their love for sandalwood is beyond measures.
November 17, 2020

S03E58 Yasmine's Shock
As Aladdin is fooling Zafar and has taken him to the jungle, Yasmine decides to investigate this and decides to follow them. When Zafar starts talking loudly, Aladdin tells him to either shut up or whisper. When Yasmine gets to see Aladdin with Zafar, she is shocked.
November 18, 2020

S03E59 Aladdin Stops Yasmine
After her plan of making the men unconscious, Yasmine is about to pull Zafar's fake beard when Aladdin caught hold of her hand and takes her away from there. Aladdin tells her that he knew it was her behind all this. Yasmine drops a bomb on Aladdin by telling him that it is Zafar who he has partnered with.
November 19, 2020

S03E60 Yasmine Remembers Her Past
Yasmine and Aladdin are about to leave the cave when they call each other by their old names. The memories are fresh and Yasmine remembers of her bond with Aladdin in the past.
November 20, 2020

S03E61 Zafar Traps Aladdin
Aladdin is sitting in Zafar's palace when he asks Aladdin to have a drink with him. When Aladdin refuses, Zafar makes him drink the contents of the glass. Aladdin drinks it and falls on the ground. Zafar then laughs off about his plan becoming successful and the trap being laid correctly.
November 23, 2020

S03E62 Yasmine Is The Next Target
Aladdin is trapped and he does not speak one word of their plan. However, Yasmine gets scared seeing Aladdin so brutally treated. Zafar cannot take it and Yasmine becomes his next target. he turns her into a stone when Zafar's sister tells him that she will try her poison on them.
November 24, 2020

S03E63 Eighty-Eight Names
Aladdin, Jinoo and Jinn-E-Anguthi try to open the book. However, they are all failing to do so. After eighty-eight names, Jinoo randomly takes one name and the book opens.
November 25, 2020

S03E64 Breaking The Bond
Aladdin is with Jinn-e-Anguthi and is remembering the kind of treatment Zehar is giving Ammi. He kicks the bags and is irritated. Jinn-e-Anguthi tells Aladdin that his frustration and anger will not help unless he is focused. Aladdin tells him that he had a grudge against Zafar earlier but now is mad at Zehar as well. Jinn-e-Anguthi tells Aladdin that the only way to do it is to break the bond between Zehar and Zafar.
November 26, 2020

S03E65 The Drowning
Aladdin is left with no other choice but to dive after Yasmine into the deep water, in order to save her life.
November 27, 2020

S03E66 Aladdin Tricks Sultan
Aladdin is tied up and has 30 mins for Yasmeen to turn into her real face. Aladdin Tricks Sultan by saying that his sister Zeher is playing against him. What will happen next, watch the full Episode.
November 30, 2020

S03E67 Catching The Mouse
Aladdin and Zafar are in Zafar's bedroom. They see a mouse and Zafar tells Aladdin to catch it. In order to do so, Aladdin ends up making the whole room a mess.
December 1, 2020

S03E68 The Teasing
Aladdin, Jinoo, and Jinn-e-Snguthi are raising a toast to the victory when Jinoo asks why are they raising a toast to Zafar's victory. Jinn-e-Anguthi stops Aladdin from telling him anything and when Aladdin gets hiccups, Jinoo and Jinn-e-Anguthi tease him about how Yasmine was only asking for Aladdin.
December 2, 2020

S03E69 Hide and Seek With Aladdin-Yasmine
After entering the palace, Aladdin and Yasmine get into another secret room through the room of mirrors. The room is nearly empty except for a single cupboard. It arouses their curiosity and they walk towards it. It's at that moment, Zafar enters the room, taking Aladdin and Yasmine by surprise. Finding no place, they hide inside the cupboard. Zafar starts looking around. Will he find Aladdin and Yasmine.
December 3, 2020

S03E70 Worries
Aladdin, Jinoo, and Jinn-e-Anguthi are in the room and Aladdin is telling them that the giant cupboard that he saw has the answers that he desires for. He also tells them that apart from everything, the only worry he has is that of Yasmine. She keeps cutting his way all the time.
December 4, 2020

S03E71 The Snowy Place
Aladdin opens the door to notice a snowy and a cold place. This new place leaves Aladdin in awe. Where exactly is Aladdin?
December 7, 2020

S03E72 The Weird Tree
Aladdin notices after he walks a little further in the snowy place that there is a weird tree which has people and their memories attached to it inside glowing balls. He then remembers seeing a similar ball being created when he was held captive by Zafar.
December 8, 2020

S03E73 Aladdin's Tricky Ideas
As Zafar and Zeher converse, Aladdin interrupts them and gives a tricky suggestion to Zafar. The episode shows that Jinni is hidden behind Aladdin's ears. Flashing back the story, Aladdin and Jinni have made plans to trick Zafar.
December 9, 2020

S03E74 Yasmine Tries To Help
Yasmine puts something in Aladdin's eyes as he is unable to see. His eyes start burning and he writhes in pain. Yasmine tells Aladdin that she was just trying to help.
December 10, 2020

S03E75 Zafar's Plan Fails This Time
Zafar ties Jinn-e-Anguthi and they all are in a dark place where Zafar has kept them. he's plans fail, Aladdin and Jinn-e-Anguthi feel free out of the cage, where Zafar has kept them. Watch the full episode, to know more.
December 11, 2020

S03E76 Finding Old Things
Aladdin finds an old painting with Yasmine's name written on it. He checks the painting and the portrait is exactly that of Yasmine. He then sees a crown and remembers the past where he had crowned Yasmine as Baghdad's successor to the throne.
December 14, 2020

S03E77 Sleepless
Aladdin comes back and is with Jinoo but he is not able to sleep. Jinoo asks Aladdin to try and sleep. However, Aladdin tells him that he is not able to sleep. Jinoo tells him that he will transport Aladdin to Jinn-e-Anguthi but that will not be for a long time.
December 15, 2020

S03E78 Yasmin in trouble
Aladdin's mom informs Jinnu and Aladdin that Yasmin is lost and nobody can find her. To which Aladdin thinks deeply about Zafar knowing Aladdin's truth. How will Aladdin find and save Yasmin from the trouble?
December 16, 2020

S03E79 Memories
After Aladdin saves Yasmine, he looks at her and remembers the time that he spent with her in the earlier life with her as a princess. He then reminds himself that she can be deceptive and that he should not fall in her trap.
December 17, 2020

S03E80 The Return Of Kala Chor
After Aladdin saves Yasmine, he looks at her and remembers the time that he spent with her in the earlier life with her as a princess. He then reminds himself that she can be deceptive and that he should not fall in her trap.
December 18, 2020

S03E81 The Blood Test
After Aladdin saves Yasmine, he looks at her and remembers the time that he spent with her in the earlier life with her as a princess. He then reminds himself that she can be deceptive and that he should not fall in her trap.
December 21, 2020

S03E82 Zafar's Lock
After convincing Zafar to keep his prized possession in the cave Aladin is locked out of it. Genie tells him that it is unable for them to get in, but Aladin must figure out how to do so.
December 22, 2020

S03E83 Betrayal
Zafar is furious after finding out that he has been betrayed by Zeher and now seeks to deliver a punishment. What will it be?
December 23, 2020

S03E84 Aladdin in the Land of Scorpions
Using the information given by Anguthi Chaap, Aladdin and his team head out to meet the Scorpion clan. Upon their arrival, Aladdin meets Zarina, a beautiful young woman, who has never ventured out of the clan. After making Zarina aware of his mission and Zafar's evil plan to carry out the atrocities on innocent people, Aladdin requests Zarina to join his gang. While Zarina readily agrees to be a part of the team, will all work out well for Aladdin and his toli?
December 24, 2020

S03E85 Jinn-e-Anguthi Surprises Zafar
Zafar is furious after finding out that he has been betrayed by Zeher and now seeks to deliver a punishment. What will it be?
December 25, 2020

S03E86 Aladdin faces Zafar
Zareena and Zafar are together when she introduces Aladdin as her brother to Zafar. He takes a closer look at him, almost as if suspicious. What will happen?
December 28, 2020

S03E87 Aladdin faces Zafar
Zareena and Zafar are together when she introduces Aladdin as her brother to Zafar. He takes a closer look at him, almost as if suspicious. What will happen?
December 29, 2020

S03E88 Aladdin cuts in
Zareena and Zafar are having a moment, but they are interrupted by Aladdin. Aladdin goes on to explain to Zareena and Zafar the importance of having their families present on an occasion of this sort.
December 30, 2020

S03E89 A Costly Misunderstanding
Aladdin is confronted by Sultana and what follows is an intense fight. Aladdin tries to justify his actions, but Sultana is not having it. Aladdin unintentionally ends up knocking her out cold. What will Aladdin do now?
December 31, 2020

S03E90 A Wholesome Moment
Aladdin and his mother are overwhelmed with emotions as his mother finally remembers who Aladdin really is. The long-lost mother and son have a long-overdue, heartfelt moment with each other.
January 1, 2021

S03E91 Mother's Plan
Aladdin and Yasmine are tied together. Their mother tells them about this place where Zafar will repent for his sins. The genie frees Aladdin and Yasmine, further enunciating on this place their mother speaks of. What will happen next?
January 4, 2021

S03E92 Finding Yasmine
Zafar got Yasmine's blood and tells Zeher about that and Zeher thinks that Yasmine is still alive and goes to find her dead body with Zafar.
January 5, 2021

S03E93 Yasmine's Threat To Zafar
Aladdin asks Zafar what Yasmine's spirit wants from so Zafar tells Aladdin that she wants him to be present in Nature's court and accept his crime otherwise she'll kill him. Aladdin advises Zafar to be present in Nature's court and he'll fight his case and make him not guilty.
January 6, 2021

S03E94 Identity Revealed
Aladdin has brought Zafar to his place and make Zafar realize that his memory is back and remembers everything. Zafar becomes shocked after listening to Aladdin.
January 7, 2021

S03E95 All In Zafar's Control
Zafar wins the court and captures Aladdin's Family. Zafar's sister stands in the support of Zafar and both brother and sister threaten Aladdin and Yasmine.
January 8, 2021

S03E96 Yasmine's New Beginning
Aladdin announces to everyone that from now onwards Yasmine is ready to take all the responsibility very well and states her as Sultana Yasmine. Each and everyone greets her happily.
January 11, 2021

S03E97 Aladdin Loves Yasmine
Jinu asks Aladdin that if he loves Yasmine or not Aladdin accepts that he is in love with Yasmine. Jinu asks Aladdin when he is getting married but Aladdin says he is yet don't know that Yasmine loves him or not.
January 12, 2021

S03E98 Poisonous Flower
Yasmine goes into the garden to pick the flower but Aladdin stops her to touch the flower and asks her to move away from it because that flower is poisonous.
January 13, 2021

S03E99 Time To Leave Bagdad
Jinu is worried for Aladdin but Aladdin makes Jinu understand that tensions are part and parcel of life also Aladdin plans to leave Bagdad.
January 14, 2021

S03E100 Zafar's Plan Flop
Zafar Threaten Aladdin by saying his mother is in their control and asks him to give him the Jinu and take his mother back but Yasmine stops Aladdin and flops Zafar's plan.
January 15, 2021

S03E101 Aladdin - Yasmine's Next Move
Aladdin tells Jinni to spray some poison on the talisman so that he can proceed for further mission. Aladdin also requests to not use any magic till they come back as it creates a problem for them.
January 18, 2021

S03E102 Aladdin In New Trap
Aladdin trapped in Zafar's new plan. Unknowingly Aladdin goes to Zafar's new place and that place is controlled by Zafar's friend now how Aladdin will manage to save his life.
January 19, 2021

S03E103 Zafar's Deal For Aladdin
Zafar gives Aladdin an option that option was if Aladdin gives a magical lamp to Zafar he will call back Aladdin's clone who is with his mother.
January 20, 2021

S03E104 Haider Hypnotises Yasmine
Haider hypnotises Yasmine and take her with him. Aladdin sees Haider doing this and starts doubting his love for Yasmine.
January 21, 2021

S03E105 The Magical Ink
Aladdin has escaped from the mirror and destroys the Magical pen but then he finds out that real magic is in the ink not in the pen so he tries to get that magical ink.
January 22, 2021

S03E106 Jinu Tells The Truth
Rukhsara Begum is asked Jinu about the truth and Jinu informs her and everyone what happened to them when they were hypnotized and takes them back to home.
January 25, 2021

S03E107 Haider's Book Of Life
Aladdin has Haider's book in which Haider's life is there. Aladdin throws that book and asks Jinu to burn it, Jinu burns that book, and with that book, Haider is also finished.
January 26, 2021

S03E108 Yasmine - Aladdin's Confession
Yasmine proposes to Aladdin and confesses her love for him. Their love takes flight as Yasmine tells him how much pure their love is and how they're meant to be together.
January 27, 2021

S03E109 Aladdin's Successful First Move
Aladdin successfully enters the death door and become happy that he is safe. Aladdin gives assurance to Yasmine he is safe.
January 28, 2021

S03E110 Lal Mukhotha Attacks Aladdin
Aladdin, Yasmine, and Zafar have come to Lal Mukhotha's place for help to find Kale Chiraag ka Jin but Lal Mukhotha attacks Aladdin and turns him into an old man.
January 29, 2021

S03E111 Zafar Pulls Aladdin's Leg
As Aladdin has been turned into an old age man. Suddenly Aladdin feels sick and Zafar on the other hand makes fun of him. Yasmine is trying to help him out. The funniest part comes when Aladdin farts.
February 1, 2021

S03E112 Aladdin Fights With Lal Mukhotha
Aladdin, Yasmine, and Zafar fight with the Lal Mukhotha army. Aladdin tries to figure out how to defeat the Lal Mukhotha army. Aladdin asks Yasmine how his mask was removed.
February 2, 2021

S03E113 Anghuti Chaap In Danger
Anghuti Chaap's life is in danger. Rukhsaar Begum is asking Jinu to do something to save his brother. Jinu is crying and he is not getting any clue to save his brother. Anghuti Chaap asks Jinu to take care of Aladdin and Rukhsaar Begum and save them from Kala Jin.
February 3, 2021

S03E114 Jinu Save Aladdin And Yasmine
Jinu saves Aladdin and Yasmine from the attack of Kala Jin. Kala Jin got angry at Jinu but Zafar stops Kala Jin from Attack Jinu.
February 4, 2021

S03E115 What's In Yasmine's Mind
Yasmine has put the sword at Aladdin. Zafar criticizes Yasmine's love for Aladdin. Yasmine is trying to save Aladdin from Kala Jin.
February 5, 2021